### content

## Unit 1 Fighting with the Forces of Nature Test 1

1、 The government is launching a massive ** ___** __ against corruption.

答案: campaign  

2、 Unity is crucial to the ** ___** __ operation of an organization.

答案: efficient

3、 The year 1939 had witnessed the ** ___** __ of Poland by Germany.

答案: conquest

4、 The foreign minister didn’t know what to say. Obviously the reporter’s
question caught the foreign minister ** ___** __ guard.

答案: off

5、 A rich lady lay ** ___** __ at home for two weeks and nobody knew anything
about it.

答案: dead

6、 The harassing budget problems of the past few months have taken a heavy
______ on her health and there are shadows beneath her eyes.

答案: toll

7、 It was a ** ___** __ of good luck that I found you here.

答案: stroke

8、 The company took a ** ___** __ by cutting the price of their products and
it paid it.

答案: gamble

9、 His political rivals ** ___** __ for an attack on his policies.

答案: are biding their time

10、 If you let yourself ** ___** __ in paper work, you’ll never find time to
deal with the really important issues.

答案: get bogged down

11、 Workers who have to work on weekends are paid twice the normal wages. And
** ___** __ national holidays, they get triple pay.

答案: in the case of

12、 After a fierce battle, the troops ** ___** __ southward.

答案: retreated

13、 Work ** ___** __ much of her time.

答案: engages

14、 Our school authorities are keen to ** ___** __ educational reform.

答案: press on with

15、 These compensation cases have already ** ___** __ for one year.

答案: dragged on

16、 20 ** ___** __ 10 is 10.

答案: minus

17、 First reports of the traffic accident tell of more than 50 ** ___** __ .

答案: casualties

18、 My neighbour is really an ** ___** __ person. He always plays the piano
deep into the night.

答案: offensive

19、 **___** __ her financial support, the two children in the remote village
could go to school.

答案: Thanks to

20、 He is now living in ** ___** __ in Egypt.

答案: exile

21、 The city has been under ** ___** __ for five days.

答案: siege

22、 The police have ** ___** __ an investigation into the incident.

答案: launched

23、 I decided not to abandon John when he was in such a ** ___** __ position.

答案: desperate

24、 Failure ** ___** __ this problem will weaken its strength.

答案: to reckon with

25、 Voters perceive him as a ** ___** __ and resolute international leader.

答案: decisive

26、 **___** __ an enemy forces much superior to ours, we had to give up
theoccupation of big cities.

答案: Being faced with

27、 Sara has made up her mind that her leisure interests should never ** ___**
__ her career.

答案: get in the way of

28、 The ** ___** __ deeds of the people’s soldiers are too numerous to
enumerate.

答案: heroic

29、 China will not enter into ** ___** __ with any big power.

答案: alliance

30、 **___** __ materials are the natural substances from which industrial
products are made.

答案: Raw

## Unit 2 Smart Cars Test 2

1、 There’s a feeling of unrest nowadays.

答案: in the air

2、 The police have two suspects from their enquiry.

答案: eliminated

3、 Recently, National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China
warned the public to be for NCP.

答案: on the alert

4、 Wearing a protective gown, he carries a container of disinfectant weighting
about 20 kilograms and sprays the steps of all the community’s 2,000 homes.

答案: approximately

5、 What the argument

答案: started up

6、 The device can rapidly people who have a fever in a crowd.

答案: detect

7、 The company started its global in 2018 in Southeast Asia.

答案: expansion

8、 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said it withstand “both the novel coronavirus
epidemic and economic downward pressure”.

答案: is poised to

9、 The company says it will take telecommunications equipment into an around
the moon by the end of 2022.

答案: orbit

10、 Rime, a special type of frost resembling granular tufts of ice, only
occurs in very specific climactic conditions when water meets cold air.

答案: vapor

11、 A public health requires the chief executive to mobilize all the political
and administrative resources to tackle.

答案: hazard

12、 The first gas-powered vehicles just looked like horse buggies with engines
underneath.

答案: mounted

13、 Bats sound waves and make sense of their environment from the echoes they
receive.

答案: send out

14、 Dressed in cowboy boots, tight jeans and a black T-shirt, she could easily
someone half her age.

答案: pass for

15、 Please the application form completely without leaving any blanks.

答案: fill in

16、 A loud noise my attention from cooking and everything was burnt.

答案: diverted

17、 Trademarks help to and distinguish the products of one company from those
of another.

答案: identify

18、 The company took a by cutting the price of their product, and it paid off.

答案: gamble

19、 There is a of vegetables here at the moment because of the cold weather.

答案: shortage

20、 When he was young he used to build castles and thus did not succeed in
anything.

答案: in the air

21、 I couldn’t believe what he was telling me but he was in deadly .

答案: earnest

22、 Don’t try to do things too quickly. Set yourself targets.

答案: rational

23、 Francis Bacon selected three inventions: paper and printing, gunpowder,
and the compass to mark it off from antiquity and the Middle Age.

答案: magnetic

24、 I have nothing to offer but blood, ,tears and sweat.

答案: toil

25、 With price so much, it’s hard for the company to plan a budget.

答案: fluctuating

26、 The employees wanted to the number of working hours and increase pay.

答案: decrease

27、 To suspend our hammock, we need to find two trees ten feet .

答案: apart

28、 At the beginning of the race, the runners were together on the track, but
later some of them got ahead and left the others behind.

答案: bunched

29、 The of the new invention will bring great profits to the company.

答案: application

30、 In Japan there are already over a million cars with some type of
navigational .

答案: capability

##

## Unit 3 Job Interviews Test 3

1、 We are worried that terrorists will ____ their threats with bomb attacks.

答案: follow up

2、 His father’s company has been ____ for some years.

答案: in his hands

3、 There are many factors to consider when a presidential candidate selects
his_____running mates.

答案: prospective

4、 Are you going to ___ Peter’s job when he leaves

答案: go after

5、 When I graduated from college, _____ were good that I would have the same
job for the rest of my life.

答案: the odds

6、 Regular exercise enhances people’s sense of mental well-being and keeps
them ___healthy.

答案: physically

7、 They have decided to ____ at the Doubles Championship.

答案: take a crack

8、 These figures are ____ lies.

答案: downright

9、 I am hoping to buy an apartment _____ 500,000 yuan.

答案: in the neighborhood of

10、 Scientists have made an invention which is to change our lives _____.

答案: beyond our wildest dreams

11、 In retrospect she says the most important thing is for parents to ____
some kind of motivation or prospect that means something to their offspring.

答案: build in

12、 We may say he___ freedom and justice all his life.

答案: stood for

13、 Before we set off for the camping trip, our five-year-old son asked, “Can
the microwave_____ the electricity supply at the campsite, Dad”

答案: be hooked up to

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/330881.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

