### content

## TOPIC 1 Fiscal Scale and Structure in China Quiz

1、 Which tax is levied on enterprises or individuals mining minerals within
the territory, such as crude oil, coal, salt, iron ,gold and other metallic
minerals, as well as non-metallic minerals?

答案: Resource Tax  

2、 Which does not belong to Non-tax revenue?

答案: Domestic debt revenue

3、 Which goods need to pay excise tax?

答案: Gasoline

4、 Which revenue accounts for the highest proportion of fiscal revenue in
China?

答案: Tax revenue

5、 When did China carry out the reform of classification of government
revenues and expenditures?

答案: 2007

6、 The functional classification of fiscal expenditure in China mainly
reflects the different functions and policy objectives of government
activities. True or False?

答案: 正确

7、 The economic situation couldn’t affect the growth of fiscal expenditures.
True or false?

答案: 错误

8、 All government revenues and expenditures should be incorporated into the
budgetary account system after 1994. True or false?

答案: 错误

9、 The functional classification of fiscal expenditure in China mainly
reflects the different functions and policy objectives of government
activities. True or false?

答案: 正确

10、 The relative index of fiscal expenditure scale refers to the actual amount
of fiscal expenditure expressed by a country’s monetary unit. True or false?

答案: 错误

## TOPIC2 Major Items of Fiscal Expenditure Quiz

1、 Which is belong to the arrangement to aid the poor in the future in China?

答案: Make scientific planning to consolidate and expand the outcomes of poverty
alleviation and to enhance synergy with the rural revitalization strategy.

2、 Which is not the achievement of medical and health care spending in China?

答案: About 100% of hospital fees can be reimbursed.

3、 How many rural students in compulsory education were exempted from paying
tuition and miscellaneous fees and were supplied with free textbooks in China
during 2010-2015?

答案: 130 million

4、 When the central finance started to implement the plan for upgrading weak
rural compulsory education schools in China?

答案: 2010

5、 Which is not the main method of fund raising in the health financing system
in China?

答案: Social donation

6、 The registered urban unemployment rate has fallen for the ten consecutive
year from 2009 to 2019 in China.

答案: 正确

7、 Central government started to establish a mechanism to guarantee funding
for rural compulsory education in 2010 in China.

答案: 错误

8、 Social security is the only factor of social stability mechanism.

答案: 错误

9、 Spending on education is a fundamental and strategic investment to support
long-term development of the country.

答案: 正确

10、 Giving top priority to education is an important function of public
finance.

答案: 正确

## TOPIC 3 Introduction of taxation Quiz

1、 which of the followings is not taxe on income?

答案: Sales tax

2、 which is taxe on property?

答案: Inheritance tax?

3、 In China, which of the followings is resouce tax?

答案: Urban and township land use tax

4、 Which kind of tax accounts for the largest proportion in China?

答案: VAT

5、 How many tax retes are there in China?

答案: 3

6、 The average and marginal tax rates are the same for proportional tax rate.

答案: 正确

7、 The certainty tax standard means a tax should have minimum compliance and
administrative cost

答案: 错误

8、 Transfer tax is a kind of income tax.

答案: 错误

9、 According to who pays them, taxes can be classified into taxes on goods and
services,and taxes on income.

答案: 错误

10、 The only function of taxation is financing function

答案: 正确

## TOPIC4 Value added tax in China Quiz

1、 Taxpayers of VAT in China are divided into ( ).

答案: general taxpayers and small-scale taxpayers

2、 Which of the following is not a feature of VAT?

答案: VAT is an in-price tax.

3、 Which of the following falls within the scope of VAT goods? （ ）

答案: gas?

4、 Which of the following rates does not belong to the current VAT rate in
China?( )

答案: 3%

5、 \Which of the following levying rates belongs to the levying rates used by
small-scale taxpayers?( )

答案: 5%

6、 General VAT taxpayers are unable to provide accurate tax information on
inputs and outputs.

答案: 错误

7、 The tax rate of leasing of immovable property in China is 6%.

答案: 错误

8、 Tax exclusive sales value= tax inclusive sales value ÷ (1+ applicable tax
rate).

答案: 正确

9、 A zero tax rate is equivalent to a tax exemption for VAT.

答案: 错误

10、 Self-produced Primary Agricultureal Products are not subject to VAT in
China.

答案: 正确

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/61089.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

