### content

## Chapter1 Innovation and Entrepreneurship Era Chapter 1 Test ： Innovation
and entrepreneurship era

1、 Choose the right statement

答案: Innovation practice is not high risk, and there is innovation spirit in
all fields and industries.  

2、 Choose the wrong statement

答案: John sees his cousin make a lot of money selling three no masks. He thinks
that under this special epidemic period, it would be lucky to have masks. This
is a rare opportunity to start a business.

3、 Who are they?![Foundation of Innovation and Entrepreneurship\(Beihang
University\) 中国大学MOOC答案2024版100分完整版第1张](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/AC5852A95D91EAAE0BEE2B7C2C497564.png)

答案: They are cartoon characters called “entrepreneurial babies”.Analysis:
there is an introduction at the end of the video. It is mainly used to urge
students to complete the whole course, and also used to introduce the special
emoji of this course designed by the course designer.

4、 Suppose you have a cousin who came back to his hometown to start his own
business after graduating from university. He heard that you have taken the
innovation and entrepreneurship course. And he asked you what can help him
improve his success rate. Which of the following options do you choose to
guide him? Choose carefully. Don’t mess with your cousin!

答案: Having a knowledge of the entrepreneurial environment and preferential
policies of hometown, and trying to get a little more support on venues,
funds, etc.;  
Having a knowledge of the urban planning of the hometown.;  
Avoiding projects prohibited and restricted by the city.

## ?

## Chapter 2 Entrepreneurial Team Chapter 2 Test： Entrepreneurial Team

1、 Which of the following statement or practice is wrong??(single choice)

答案: Some people in the team leave after a period of time. After a while, new
people came. It’s a lot of trouble for people to come and go. So what one can
do is done by himself. There is no need to find a partner.

2、 Who is more suitable to be a partner in the following choices?(single
choice)

答案: Joe is the founder’s classmate and roommate, and he has the same ambition
as the founder.

3、 An entrepreneurial team is composed of three people. After half a year’s
efforts, it has made a product prototype and started to push it to the market.
At this time, one person in the team thinks that it’s important to achieve
profits quickly, one thinks that it’s important to accumulate users quickly to
occupy the market, and one thinks that improving products and providing users
with better experience is the primary goal in this stage. What to do when team
members disagree with each other? Which of the following is wrong:(single
choice)

答案: They should work independently and advance at the same time according to
their different goals.

4、 You have a good idea or a good project and decide to start a business. When
building and managing a team, which of the followings are possible and better
practices?(multiple choices)

答案: Recruit partners among schoolmates and attract people who need to join.;  
After one month’s efforts, three students follow you to join the team to start
a business. After negotiation, each person invests 10000 yuan, and you own 70%
of the equity. Other schoolmates also own different shares of equity according
to their responsibilities. And a partnership agreement is signed. You also
reserve 10% of the equity.;  
Half a year later, one of the partners want to withdraw. You are optimistic
about the prospect of the project. So you pay 20000 yuan to buy back all the
shares he owns.

## Chapter 3 Entrepreneurial Opportunities Chapter 3 Test： Entrepreneurial
Opportunities

1、 Which of the following business opportunity is not possible??

答案: The “class selection” of very semester is the most intense and nervous
time in the university. Some students can’t select the hot courses they want
to take. The solution that Zheng thought of was to develop the “designated
class-selection” app to provide paid services for the students. He thought
that this not only met the market needs, but also could be mutually
beneficial. It was a business opportunity worth investment. Wang was inspired,
the school has a physical exercise requirements: In the specified period of
time, swipe card and exercise; the rest of the time, you can do free exercise.
Every semester, there are rules to run a certain number of times. There will
be a bonus point for the final sports score after the specified number of
times. Some students don’t want to run. Wang thinks “designated running” is a
business opportunity.

2、 Which of the following innovations does not use the divergent 6W method?

答案: When an American social network enters Japan, it continues its existing
framework and design without considering the social habits and personality
characteristics of Japanese young people.

3、 Which of the following statements or practices is wrong?

答案: Due to the lack of start-up funds, Team A decided to borrow 200,000 yuan
from parents and friends, while team B overdrawn 200,000 yuan from bank credit
card to start a business. In this case, the funds of both teams are not their
own, and they face the same risks.

4、 “IOT Chip Bracelet” entrepreneurial project needs to be further improved
before the product is officially released. The founder Wu Xiaoxuan knows
technology but does not have professional entrepreneurial understanding. Now
he comes to ask you how to improve his product. Which of the following
suggestions are reasonable for the team?(multiple-choice question)

答案: First release a product that meets the core functions, and then quickly
launch the next new product according to the market feedback.;  
Through market research, we can understand the needs of the target users in
detail and improve the products based on the market.;  
We need to work out a business timetable to make clear when the product will
be officially released.

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/99838.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

