### content

* * *

## Unit 1. Thinking Quiz 2： Unit 1 Extended Vocabulary Quiz

1、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate  

2、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

3、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

4、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such as
pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

5、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

6、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

7、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

8、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

9、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

10、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

11、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

12、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

13、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

14、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

15、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

16、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

17、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

18、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

19、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such
as pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

20、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

21、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

22、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

23、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

24、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

25、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

26、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

27、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

28、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

29、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

30、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

31、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

32、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

33、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

34、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

35、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

36、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

37、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

38、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

39、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

40、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

41、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

42、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

43、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

44、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

45、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

46、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats, to
be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

47、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

48、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

49、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

50、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

51、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

52、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

53、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

54、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

55、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

56、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

57、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

58、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

59、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

60、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

61、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

62、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

63、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases ,
e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

64、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

65、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

66、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

67、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

68、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

69、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of death,
including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

70、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

71、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

72、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

73、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

74、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

75、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

76、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

77、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations disappointed
the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

78、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

79、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

80、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

81、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

82、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

83、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with milk,
egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

84、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases ,
e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

85、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

86、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

87、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

88、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

89、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

90、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

91、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

92、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of death,
including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

93、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

94、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

95、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

96、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations disappointed
the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

97、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

98、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

99、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can be
practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

100、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

101、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

102、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

103、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

104、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

105、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

106、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

107、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear
Ms. Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

108、 Thousands of native Americans were  ** ___**  in the name of
Civilization.

A:slaughtered  
B:terminated  
C:proceeded  
D:shivered  
答案: slaughtered

109、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

110、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

111、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

112、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

113、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can
be practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

114、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

115、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

116、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

117、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

118、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

119、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

120、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

121、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

122、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

123、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

124、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

125、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

126、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

127、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

128、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

129、 Thousands of native Americans were  ** ___**  in the name of
Civilization.

A:slaughtered  
B:terminated  
C:proceeded  
D:shivered  
答案: slaughtered

130、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

131、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

132、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

133、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

134、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

135、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

136、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

137、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

138、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

139、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

140、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

141、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

142、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

143、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

144、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

145、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

146、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

147、 He has a lot of energy and vitality but gets bored quickly when things
become  ** ___**.

A:abnormal  
B:attractive  
C:monotonous  
D:intriguing  
答案: monotonous

148、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

149、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

150、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

151、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

152、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

153、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

154、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

155、 The paper discusses how to detect irregular conditions and take  ** ___**
actions to minimize system disturbances.

A:hilarious  
B:prompt  
C:reluctant  
D:suggestive  
答案: prompt

156、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

157、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

158、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

159、 The online banking provider Simple Banking has sought to provide an  **
___**  to traditional banking services.

A:similarity  
B:reference  
C:alternative  
D:connection  
答案: alternative

160、 It’s easy to get discouraged when we don’t see  ** ___**  results from a
fitness program.

A:critical  
B:immediate  
C:dominant  
D:trivial  
答案: immediate

161、 Heroism means doing the right thing  ** ___**  the consequences.

A:associated with  
B:except for  
C:regardless of  
D:in addition to  
答案: regardless of

162、 Most meditations begin by sitting in a quiet place, closing the eyes,
calming the mind, and  ** ___**  on the breath.

A:focusing  
B:depending  
C:reflecting  
D:commenting  
答案: focusing

163、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

164、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

165、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

166、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

167、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

168、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

169、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

170、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

171、 Heroism means doing the right thing  ** ___**  the consequences.

A:associated with  
B:except for  
C:regardless of  
D:in addition to  
答案: regardless of

172、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

173、 Most meditations begin by sitting in a quiet place, closing the eyes,
calming the mind, and  ** ___**  on the breath.

A:focusing  
B:depending  
C:reflecting  
D:commenting  
答案: focusing

174、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

175、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

176、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

177、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

178、 The doctor said “Coffee or energy drinks can never  ** ___**  what
happens during good sleep. Good sleep offers so much more.”

A:prepare  
B:replace  
C:settle  
D:continue  
答案: replace

179、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

180、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

181、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

182、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

183、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

184、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

185、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

186、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

187、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

188、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

189、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

190、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

191、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

192、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

193、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

194、 The doctor said “Coffee or energy drinks can never  ** ___**  what
happens during good sleep. Good sleep offers so much more.”

A:prepare  
B:replace  
C:settle  
D:continue  
答案: replace

195、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

196、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

197、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

198、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

199、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

200、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

201、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

202、 The group that gathered to discuss the issue reached  ** ___**
conclusions because they had insufficient and flawed information.

A:sensible  
B:ridiculous  
C:rational  
D:intelligent  
答案: ridiculous

203、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

204、 The messy room was  ** ___**  to look at, so he cleaned it before his
friends’ visit.

A:pleasant  
B:attractive  
C:unsightly  
D:elegant  
答案: unsightly

205、 It is widely accepted that doctors frequently  ** ___**  unnecessary
medicines or expensive ones when a cheaper one would do just as well.

A:transcribe  
B:subscribe  
C:ascribe  
D:prescribe  
答案: prescribe

206、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

207、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

208、 Knowing what  ** ___**  anxiety generally makes it easier to find helpful
ways to cope.

A:accommodates  
B:triggers  
C:liberates  
D:imitates  
答案: triggers

209、 Properly inflated tires increases gas mileage and  ** ___**  safer
driving in winter conditions.

A:excludes  
B:negates  
C:congests  
D:promotes  
答案: promotes

210、 After noticing fewer nearsighted patients in a hospital, researchers  **
___**  that wearing glasses might offer some protection against Covid-19.

A:speculated  
B:convinced  
C:persuaded  
D:disputed  
答案: speculated

211、 Storage, obviously, is critical for Big Data because of the  ** ___**
volume of information needed .

A:finite  
B:restricted  
C:massive  
D:definite  
答案: massive

212、 Advancements in technology have improved virtually every  ** ___**  of
our lives, and the best is yet to come.

A:trace  
B:perspective  
C:aspect  
D:occasion  
答案: aspect

213、 Where education shifts from class to online, students with uneven  **
___**  to technology, learning resources, internet connectivity will be
disproportionately affected.

A:faith  
B:commitment  
C:engagement  
D:access  
答案: access

214、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

215、 Managing emotions intelligently means making wise choices that  ** ___**
the grip of stress, not just mask it.

A:prolong  
B:resume  
C:release  
D:adjust  
答案: release

216、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

217、 In 2020, the switch to remote work had  ** ___**  impacts on companies’
abilities to connect with their employees virtually.

A:profound  
B:restricted  
C:adverse  
D:negligible  
答案: profound

218、 Mobile phones are becoming an increasingly  ** ___**  way to make all
sorts of payments.

A:irrelevant  
B:prevalent  
C:inappropriate  
D:consideration  
答案: prevalent

219、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

220、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

221、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

222、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

223、 Flooding displaced thousands of people and caused extensive damage to  **
___**  and crops in Zambia.

A:objectiviey  
B:property  
C:ragularity  
D:sustainability  
答案: property

224、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

225、 While most police officers fulfill their duty diligently, there are some
who  ** ___**  the power they have to satisfy selfish personal desires.

A:equate  
B:quit  
C:pursue  
D:abuse  
答案: abuse

226、 The increasing need for screening a large number of patients for COVID-19
has caused an  ** ___**  demand for the diagnostic kits.

A:superb  
B:massive  
C:ridiculous  
D:fantastic  
答案: massive

227、  Witness testimony is the verbal account of events or knowledge of the
facts  ** ___**  to the crime.

A:indifferent  
B:consistent  
C:relevant  
D:evident  
答案: relevant

228、 In Individualistic societies, people define themselves in terms of ‘I’
and their unique  ** ___**.

A:factors  
B:dimensions  
C:attributes  
D:benefits  
答案: attributes

229、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

230、 The UN has evolved over the years to keep  ** ___**  with a rapidly
changing world.

A:record  
B:line  
C:stage  
D:pace  
答案: pace

231、 Language is still the primary thing that we use to communicate and it is
what makes us  ** ___**  different from other animals.

A:eventually  
B:consistently  
C:inevitably  
D:fundamentally  
答案: fundamentally

232、 Mobile phones are becoming an increasingly  ** ___**  way to make all
sorts of payments.

A:irrelevant  
B:prevalent  
C:inappropriate  
D:consideration  
答案: prevalent

233、 We all know that human beings are  ** ___**  to error, so can perfection
be achieved?

A:favorable  
B:prone  
C:indifferent  
D:sympathetic  
答案: prone

234、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

235、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

236、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

237、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

238、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

239、 If you track the progress of your project, you can make the necessary  **
___**  to your plan and your schedule.

A:commitments  
B:Installments  
C:fragments  
D:adjustments  
答案: adjustments

240、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

241、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

242、 The increasing need for screening a large number of patients for COVID-19
has caused an  ** ___**  demand for the diagnostic kits.

A:superb  
B:massive  
C:ridiculous  
D:fantastic  
答案: massive

243、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

244、 In Individualistic societies, people define themselves in terms of ‘I’
and their unique  ** ___**.

A:factors  
B:dimensions  
C:attributes  
D:benefits  
答案: attributes

245、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

246、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

247、 The film helped increase awareness on climate change, and encouraged
people to consider how their actions could help  ** ___**  such an
environmental crisis.

A:circulate  
B:elevate  
C:avert  
D:restore  
答案: avert

248、 The UN has evolved over the years to keep  ** ___**  with a rapidly
changing world.

A:record  
B:line  
C:stage  
D:pace  
答案: pace

249、 According to the latest study, fewer operations meant better results and
reduced the likelihood of  ** ___**  in this case.

A:complications  
B:investigations  
C:dedications  
D:multiplications  
答案: complications

250、 Language is still the primary thing that we use to communicate and it is
what makes us  ** ___**  different from other animals.

A:eventually  
B:consistently  
C:inevitably  
D:fundamentally  
答案: fundamentally

251、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

252、 We all know that human beings are  ** ___**  to error, so can perfection
be achieved?

A:favorable  
B:prone  
C:indifferent  
D:sympathetic  
答案: prone

253、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

254、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

255、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

256、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

257、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

258、 If you track the progress of your project, you can make the necessary  **
___**  to your plan and your schedule.

A:commitments  
B:Installments  
C:fragments  
D:adjustments  
答案: adjustments

259、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

260、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

261、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens

262、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

263、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

264、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

265、 The film helped increase awareness on climate change, and encouraged
people to consider how their actions could help  ** ___**  such an
environmental crisis.

A:circulate  
B:elevate  
C:avert  
D:restore  
答案: avert

266、 According to the latest study, fewer operations meant better results and
reduced the likelihood of  ** ___**  in this case.

A:complications  
B:investigations  
C:dedications  
D:multiplications  
答案: complications

267、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

268、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

269、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

270、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

271、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

272、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens

273、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

274、 The work was often done in miserable weather and the soldiers lived in
** ___**  housing.

A:primitive  
B:respective  
C:comprehensive  
D:imaginative  
答案: primitive

275、 Generally, cows are considered sacred in Hindu-majority India, and  **
___**  them or eating beef is illegal or restricted across much of the
country.

A:pirating  
B:altering  
C:lightering  
D:slaughtering  
答案: slaughtering

276、 A lab later confirmed that the  ** ___**  medication he was taking for
his thyroid was contaminated and triggered the positive test.

A:description  
B:prescription  
C:attribution  
D:contribution  
答案: prescription

277、 The zoo limits food from tourists to just 10 percent of a dolphin’s daily
** ___**  in order to dissuade food dependency.

A:management  
B:exhaustion  
C:intake  
D:navigation  
答案: intake

278、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

279、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

280、 Though moths survive by making themselves invisible, ladybugs survive by
being  ** ___**  and telling birds not to eat them.

A:conspicuous  
B:liberal  
C:magnetic  
D:nervous  
答案: conspicuous

281、 The house was then all in flame, but none of the gathered crowd made any
effort to  ** ___**  the fire.

A:exaggerate  
B:extinguish  
C:exchange  
D:exclaim  
答案: extinguish

282、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

283、 Writing brings power to modern societies, by making it possible to  **
___**  knowledge with far greater accuracy.

A:transact  
B:transfer  
C:transmit  
D:transport  
答案: transmit

284、 The demand to spend 60 hours per week at an office is one that  ** ___**
the lives of professional, higher-paid workers.

A:consumes  
B:depletes  
C:occupies  
D:wastes  
答案: depletes

285、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

286、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

287、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

288、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

289、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

290、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

291、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

292、 Many of the region’s pigs and  ** ___**  are raised indoors, where
farmers combine methods such as fans, showers and cooling systems.

A:birds  
B:mutton  
C:pork  
D:poultry  
答案: poultry

293、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

294、 After the scandal, public confidence in the economic recovery has fallen
** ___**  and they were very disappointed.

A:particularly  
B:frequently  
C:dramatically  
D:analytically  
答案: dramatically

295、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

296、 The demand to spend 60 hours per week at an office is one that  ** ___**
the lives of professional, higher-paid workers.

A:consumes  
B:depletes  
C:occupies  
D:wastes  
答案: depletes

297、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

298、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

299、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

300、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

301、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

302、 Many of the region’s pigs and  ** ___**  are raised indoors, where
farmers combine methods such as fans, showers and cooling systems.

A:birds  
B:mutton  
C:pork  
D:poultry  
答案: poultry

303、 After the scandal, public confidence in the economic recovery has fallen
** ___**  and they were very disappointed.

A:particularly  
B:frequently  
C:dramatically  
D:analytically  
答案: dramatically

304、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

## Unit 1. Thinking Quiz 1： Unit 1 -Thinking

1、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 1. 1\. According to the author, what is one of the factors that can
have an influence on our thinking in subtle ways?

A:Philosophy.  
B: History.  
C:Intelligence.  
D:Mentality.  
答案:  History.

2、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 1.  2\. Western psychological studies are criticized because_____.

A:they use undergraduate students as subjects  
B:they offer subjects cash payment  
C:they assume human beings are basically the same  
D:they mainly use poor, uneducated subjects  
答案: they assume human beings are basically the same

3、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 1. 3\. According to Text A, which of the following may be true for the
Westerners?

A:They often put things into context when making judgments.  
B:They value individual gains much more than collective benefits.  
C:They are modest and tend to underestimate their abilities.  
D:In a triad test, they often choose items that have a functional
relationship.  
答案: They value individual gains much more than collective benefits.

4、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 1. 4\. Which of the following statements is true?

A:People’s social orientation is inherited from their parents.  
B:Immigrant children have entirely the same thinking styles as their parents.  
C:Schooling is why British Bangladeshi immigrant children adopted
individualistic thinking.  
D:Social media significantly influence the thinking styles of immigrant
children.  
答案: Social media significantly influence the thinking styles of immigrant
children.

5、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 1. 5\. Which of the following statements is true?

A:The predominant philosophy in Eastern and Western countries shape people’s
thinking.  
B:Taoism is a philosophy in the East that emphasizes courage and bravery.  
C:Western philosophy attaches great importance to submission to authority.  
D:Confucianism recognizes the value of independence and freedom.  
答案: The predominant philosophy in Eastern and Western countries shape people’s
thinking.

6、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A in Unit
1. 6\. Farming practices, growing wheat or rice, for instance, can influence
thinking styles.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

7、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
1.  7\. Western researchers often use “weird subjects” for their studies,
which means they tend to select subjects with strange behaviors and mentality.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

8、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
1.  8\. People in the East value independence; they tend to describe
themselves in terms of their unique personal characteristics and traits.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

9、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
1.  9\. When looking at pictures, Westerners tend to focus on the foreground,
i.e. the main object of the picture rather than the background.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

10、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
1.  10.  It can be inferred that when asked to choose two related items from
the triad “monkey, tiger, banana”, Westerners are more likely to choose monkey
and banana.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

11、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)11. The world has changed _____ with the
advances of communication technology and the growth of the media industries.  
答案: profoundly

12、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)12. Mountain sickness is the negative health
effect of high altitude, caused by rapid exposure to low amounts of oxygen at
high elevation. It is usually _____ as headache and tiredness.  
答案: manifested

13、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)13. Research shows that when boys and girls as
old as 10 do math, their patterns of brain activity are indistinguishable.
This finding challenges the _____ that math is harder for girls.  
答案: assumption

14、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)14. Culture is learned. It is transmitted from
generation to generation and _____ to such an extent that it becomes “second
nature” and is largely taken for granted.  
答案: internalized

15、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)15. Manual _____ of laboratory test results is
time-consuming, creating a demand for expert systems to automate this process.  
答案: validation

16、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)16. It is inevitable that as parents your lives
are going to _____ around your kids, but you still need to try and maintain an
identity of your own.  
答案: revolve

17、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)17.  Researchers find that, contrary to the
_____ view that forest area has declined globally, tree cover has increased by
2.24 million square kilometers.  
答案: prevailing

18、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)18.  A national advertisement campaign like this
will really bring him into _____ as a model.  
答案: prominence

19、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)19. He’s being kept in jail until the trial so
that he can’t _____ any of the witnesses.  
答案: intimidate

20、 Unit 1_Text A: Vocabulary  Fill in the blank in the following sentence
with one of these words and change the form if necessary. (internalize,
validation, diversity, prevailing, assumption, intimidate, profoundly,
revolve, prominence, manifest)20. Cultural _____ is the existence of a variety
of cultural groups within a society. Cultural groups can share many different
characteristics.  
答案: diversity

21、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound) 21\. Make up your mind that whatever the
short-term temptations may be, you will never depart from the highest
standards of honor.  
答案: deviate

22、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)22. We must never stop dreaming. Dreams provide
food for the soul, just as a meal does for the body.  
答案: nourishment

23、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)23. Most of the times, past performance is
suggestive of future performance, but not always.  
答案: indicative

24、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)24. This chapter presents the prominent
features of the design, management and performance of irrigation systems in
key countries.  
答案: salient

25、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)25. Based on this analysis, there appears to be
little evidence for “publication bias” in this research field.  
答案: domain

26、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)26. Theresa May warned the World Economic
Summit attendees that new forms of technology are being exploited by people
with vicious intentions.  
答案: malevolent

27、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)27. The website now is legally required to stop
advertisers from excluding people because of their race.  
答案: bound

28、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)28. It’s a brilliant talk and is definitely
worth the watch, but 30 minutes is only long enough to get a superficial
understanding of this important topic.  
答案: scratch the surface

29、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)29. In times of growing customer sensitivities
over data privacy, being at the forefront of data privacy protection is an
essential part of any businesses’ customer service.  
答案: integral

30、 Unit 1_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(integral, salient, deviate, scratch the surface, malevolent, pervade, domain,
indicative, nourishment, bound)30. Centuries of war, poverty, and hardship
penetrate the history of the human species.  
答案: pervade

## Unit 2. Life Quiz 1： Unit 2 – Life

1、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 2. 1\. Which of the following countries has a linear view of time?

A:Japan.  
B:Turkey.  
C:China.  
D:Germany.  
答案: Germany.

2、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 2. 2\. Which of the following statements is true about Italians?

A:They prefer to do one thing at a time.  
B:They believe hard work brings success.  
C:They do not value punctuality very much.  
D:They think people should take quick actions.  
答案: They do not value punctuality very much.

3、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 2.  3\. Which of the following statements is true for people who are
multi-active?

A:They are highly efficient and finish more than they planned.  
B:They value human feelings more than the schedule.  
C:They emphasize timely completion of tasks.  
D:They will respect the schedule if their friend insists.  
答案: They value human feelings more than the schedule.

4、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 2. 4\. Which of the following statements is true?

A:People who have a linear view of time enjoy sitting in a quiet place and
reflecting on the value of time.  
B:Southern Europeans prefer to make decisions only after careful
considerations of various factors.  
C:Asians have a cyclic view of time, thinking that oppotunities or dangers
will reappear after some time.  
D:Northen Europeans often do multiple tasks at the same time, because it makes
them feel fulfilled.  
答案: Asians have a cyclic view of time, thinking that oppotunities or dangers
will reappear after some time.

5、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 2. 5\. According to Text A, which of the following statements about
Chinese people is true?

A:Chinese people tend to arrive late for a meeting.  
B:Chinese people often leave early in a meeting.  
C:Chinese people prefer to strike a deal quickly.  
D:Chinese people value punctuality more than other Asians.  
答案: Chinese people value punctuality more than other Asians.

6、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
2. 6\. In a society that focuses on financial gain, people value time greatly
and tend to take prompt actions.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

7、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
2.  7\. In the U.S., one who can get abundant financial reward without working
hard is considered successful.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

8、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
2.  8\. Arabs attach great importance to punctuality. Many things in their
life can be predicted based on their schedule.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

9、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
2.  9\. Germans like to divide programs into manageable tasks and make strict
schedule to finish them.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

10、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
2.  10\. When the Chinese announce at the beginning of a meeting that they
will have to leave soon, they are indicating their reluctance to participate.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

11、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential) 11\. If you cannot provide justification for your plan to _____
the goal, then you will lose the confidence of your group members.  
答案: attain

12、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)12. The expert argued that Americans needed to become more unified
about following public health guidance and take _____ steps to return to
schools and businesses.  
答案: sequential

13、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)13. The judges noted that evidence was deliberately _____ and
improperly handled, while the scene of the crime was not secured.  
答案: manipulated

14、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)14. Coffee is a major export _____: it was the top agricultural
export for twelve countries in 2004.  
答案: commodity

15、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)15. Society imposes constraints on companies in order to _____ on
the use of resources, ensure animal-friendly and safe production, and restrict
pollution.  
答案: economize

16、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)16. Candidates for this job should demonstrate effective
communication skills and a _____ for creative problem solving.  
答案: penchant

17、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)17. Some European welfare states have systems in which it is
perfectly _____ for an able-bodied adult to live off the unemployment benefit
provided by the government.  
答案: viable

18、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)18. Jacksonville University said it is stepping up security efforts
to _____ the problem of crime on campus.  
答案: tackle

19、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)19.The restaurant used coin-operated vending machines to _____ food
and drinks.  
答案: dispense

20、 Unit 2_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (tackle, humility,
attain, viable, penchant, dispense, commodity, manipulate, economize,
sequential)20. It is often difficult to be selfless, especially when the
culture you live in is so individualistic. Serving others requires a great
deal of _____ .  
答案: humility

21、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)21.Charges were quietly dropped against a teen accused of
attacking a teammate, and now he’s suing to regain his reputation.  
答案: reclaim

22、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)22.The report noted that America’s lead in the science and
technology fields has been significantly undermined in recent years. The
decline is partly due to steadily declining US budgets for basic scientific
research.  
答案: eroded

23、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)23. The managers do not like to be bothered after office hours
and they make no effort to hide their irritation when you have to call them.  
答案: annoyance

24、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)24. We enjoy a thrifty lifestyle, but we do not deprive
ourselves of what we deem to be a pleasure to us.  
答案: frugal

25、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)25. Eric aims to remove the disgrace of mental illness and
demonstrate that with adequate help, there is hope.  
答案: stigma

26、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)26. Meditative practices are practical and transformative,
developing capacities for deep concentration and quieting the mind in the
midst of the action and distraction that fills everyday life.  
答案: Contemplative

27、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)27. The mayor says that he fully supports the measures taken to
improve safety standards for Internet communication.  
答案: endorses

28、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)28. The original packaging might be slightly damaged in the
storage process, but this does not reduce the value of the item as it is still
brand new.  
答案: detract from

29、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)29. New research suggests that the longer a person remains
obese, the more “irreversible” the condition becomes. This study highlights
the importance of tackling childhood obesity early.  
答案: underscores

30、 Unit 2_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary. (erode,
clash, detract from, frugal, underscore, endorse, annoyance, stigma, reclaim,
contemplative)30. Conflicts between motorists and protesters have resulted in
injuries after multiple vehicles were driven through small crowds of
demonstrators.  
答案: Clashes

## Unit 2. Life Quiz 2： Extended Vocabulary Quiz

1、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

2、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

3、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

4、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such as
pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

5、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

6、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

7、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

8、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

9、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

10、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

11、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

12、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

13、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

14、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

15、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

16、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

17、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

18、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

19、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

20、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

21、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

22、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

23、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such
as pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

24、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

25、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

26、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

27、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

28、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

29、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such
as pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

30、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such
as pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

31、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

32、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

33、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

34、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

35、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

36、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

37、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

38、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

39、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

40、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

41、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

42、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

43、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

44、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

45、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

46、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

47、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

48、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

49、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

50、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

51、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

52、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

53、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

54、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

55、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

56、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

57、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

58、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

59、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

60、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

61、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

62、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

63、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats, to
be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

64、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

65、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

66、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

67、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

68、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

69、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

70、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

71、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

72、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

73、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

74、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

75、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

76、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

77、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

78、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

79、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

80、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

81、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

82、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

83、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

84、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

85、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

86、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

87、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

88、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

89、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

90、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

91、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

92、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

93、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

94、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

95、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

96、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

97、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

98、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

99、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

100、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

101、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of
death, including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

102、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

103、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

104、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats,
to be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

105、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

106、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

107、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats,
to be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

108、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

109、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

110、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

111、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations
disappointed the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

112、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

113、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

114、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

115、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

116、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

117、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

118、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

119、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

120、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with
milk, egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

121、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

122、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

123、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

124、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

125、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting
incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

126、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

127、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

128、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

129、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases
, e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

130、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases
, e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

131、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

132、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

133、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

134、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

135、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

136、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of
death, including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

137、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

138、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of
death, including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

139、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

140、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of
death, including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

141、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

142、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

143、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

144、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

145、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

146、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations
disappointed the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

147、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can
be practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

148、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

149、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

150、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

151、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

152、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

153、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with
milk, egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

154、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with
milk, egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

155、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

156、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

157、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting
incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

158、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting
incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

159、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

160、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

161、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

162、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

163、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

164、 The supervisor responsible for regular assessment will be transferred to
the accounting  ** ___**  in Los Angles.

A:division  
B:apartment  
C:environment  
D:strategy  
答案: division

165、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

166、 Mr. Johnson has been particularly good at handling issues concerning
employees and labor  ** ___**.

A:navigation  
B:disputes  
C:recipient  
D:necessity  
答案: disputes

167、 The supervisor responsible for regular assessment will be transferred to
the accounting  ** ___**  in Los Angles.

A:division  
B:apartment  
C:environment  
D:strategy  
答案: division

168、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

169、 Mr. Johnson has been particularly good at handling issues concerning
employees and labor  ** ___**.

A:navigation  
B:disputes  
C:recipient  
D:necessity  
答案: disputes

170、 When I was trying to download the Netflix app, the following message
appeared on my cell phone: ‘This app is not  ** ___**  with your device.’

A:responsible  
B:arguable  
C:noticeable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

171、 When I was trying to download the Netflix app, the following message
appeared on my cell phone: ‘This app is not  ** ___**  with your device.’

A:responsible  
B:arguable  
C:noticeable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

172、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear
Ms. Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

173、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear
Ms. Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

174、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

175、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

176、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

177、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

178、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

179、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can
be practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

180、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

181、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

182、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

183、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

184、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

185、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

186、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

187、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

188、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

189、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

190、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

191、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

192、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

193、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

194、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

195、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

196、 The present study  ** ___**  whether or not test takers’ performance is
affected by factors other than their English proficiency.

A:suggests  
B:investigates  
C:reveals  
D:generates  
答案: investigates

197、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

198、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

199、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

200、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

201、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

202、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

203、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

204、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

205、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

206、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

207、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

208、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

209、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

210、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

211、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

212、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

213、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

214、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

215、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

216、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

217、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

218、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

219、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

220、 The present study  ** ___**  whether or not test takers’ performance is
affected by factors other than their English proficiency.

A:suggests  
B:investigates  
C:reveals  
D:generates  
答案: investigates

221、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

222、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

223、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

224、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

225、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

226、 It’s easy to get discouraged when we don’t see  ** ___**  results from a
fitness program.

A:critical  
B:immediate  
C:dominant  
D:trivial  
答案: immediate

227、 The paper discusses how to detect irregular conditions and take  ** ___**
actions to minimize system disturbances.

A:hilarious  
B:prompt  
C:reluctant  
D:suggestive  
答案: prompt

228、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

229、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

230、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

231、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

232、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

233、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

234、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

235、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

236、 He has a lot of energy and vitality but gets bored quickly when things
become  ** ___**.

A:abnormal  
B:attractive  
C:monotonous  
D:intriguing  
答案: monotonous

237、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

238、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

239、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

240、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

241、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

242、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

243、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

244、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

245、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

246、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

247、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

248、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

249、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

250、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

251、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

252、 The online banking provider Simple Banking has sought to provide an  **
___**  to traditional banking services.

A:similarity  
B:reference  
C:alternative  
D:connection  
答案: alternative

253、 It’s easy to get discouraged when we don’t see  ** ___**  results from a
fitness program.

A:critical  
B:immediate  
C:dominant  
D:trivial  
答案: immediate

254、 Heroism means doing the right thing  ** ___**  the consequences.

A:associated with  
B:except for  
C:regardless of  
D:in addition to  
答案: regardless of

255、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

256、 Most meditations begin by sitting in a quiet place, closing the eyes,
calming the mind, and  ** ___**  on the breath.

A:focusing  
B:depending  
C:reflecting  
D:commenting  
答案: focusing

257、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

258、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

259、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

260、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

261、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

262、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

263、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

264、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

265、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

266、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

267、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

268、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

269、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

270、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

271、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

272、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

273、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

274、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

275、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

276、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

277、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

278、 Knowing what  ** ___**  anxiety generally makes it easier to find helpful
ways to cope.

A:accommodates  
B:triggers  
C:liberates  
D:imitates  
答案: triggers

279、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

280、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

281、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

282、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

283、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

284、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

285、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

286、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

287、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

288、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

289、 The group that gathered to discuss the issue reached  ** ___**
conclusions because they had insufficient and flawed information.

A:sensible  
B:ridiculous  
C:rational  
D:intelligent  
答案: ridiculous

290、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

291、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

292、 The messy room was  ** ___**  to look at, so he cleaned it before his
friends’ visit.

A:pleasant  
B:attractive  
C:unsightly  
D:elegant  
答案: unsightly

293、 It is widely accepted that doctors frequently  ** ___**  unnecessary
medicines or expensive ones when a cheaper one would do just as well.

A:transcribe  
B:subscribe  
C:ascribe  
D:prescribe  
答案: prescribe

294、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

295、 Flooding displaced thousands of people and caused extensive damage to  **
___**  and crops in Zambia.

A:objectiviey  
B:property  
C:ragularity  
D:sustainability  
答案: property

296、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

297、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

298、 Knowing what  ** ___**  anxiety generally makes it easier to find helpful
ways to cope.

A:accommodates  
B:triggers  
C:liberates  
D:imitates  
答案: triggers

299、 Properly inflated tires increases gas mileage and  ** ___**  safer
driving in winter conditions.

A:excludes  
B:negates  
C:congests  
D:promotes  
答案: promotes

300、 Properly inflated tires increases gas mileage and  ** ___**  safer
driving in winter conditions.

A:excludes  
B:negates  
C:congests  
D:promotes  
答案: promotes

301、 After noticing fewer nearsighted patients in a hospital, researchers  **
___**  that wearing glasses might offer some protection against Covid-19.

A:speculated  
B:convinced  
C:persuaded  
D:disputed  
答案: speculated

302、 Managing emotions intelligently means making wise choices that  ** ___**
the grip of stress, not just mask it.

A:prolong  
B:resume  
C:release  
D:adjust  
答案: release

303、 Storage, obviously, is critical for Big Data because of the  ** ___**
volume of information needed .

A:finite  
B:restricted  
C:massive  
D:definite  
答案: massive

304、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

305、 Advancements in technology have improved virtually every  ** ___**  of
our lives, and the best is yet to come.

A:trace  
B:perspective  
C:aspect  
D:occasion  
答案: aspect

306、 Where education shifts from class to online, students with uneven  **
___**  to technology, learning resources, internet connectivity will be
disproportionately affected.

A:faith  
B:commitment  
C:engagement  
D:access  
答案: access

307、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

308、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

309、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

310、 The experience gained on this project can be of  ** ___**  to others who
endeavor to take a similar approach.

A:prevalence  
B:hindrance  
C:resistance  
D:assistance  
答案: assistance

311、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

312、 In 2020, the switch to remote work had  ** ___**  impacts on companies’
abilities to connect with their employees virtually.

A:profound  
B:restricted  
C:adverse  
D:negligible  
答案: profound

313、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

314、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

315、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

316、 In Individualistic societies, people define themselves in terms of ‘I’
and their unique  ** ___**.

A:factors  
B:dimensions  
C:attributes  
D:benefits  
答案: attributes

317、 The new teaching model can motivate learners, increase their learning
interest and  ** ___**  their learning efficiency.

A:impede  
B:enhance  
C:detract  
D:restrict  
答案: enhance

318、 The UN has evolved over the years to keep  ** ___**  with a rapidly
changing world.

A:record  
B:line  
C:stage  
D:pace  
答案: pace

319、 Language is still the primary thing that we use to communicate and it is
what makes us  ** ___**  different from other animals.

A:eventually  
B:consistently  
C:inevitably  
D:fundamentally  
答案: fundamentally

320、 We all know that human beings are  ** ___**  to error, so can perfection
be achieved?

A:favorable  
B:prone  
C:indifferent  
D:sympathetic  
答案: prone

321、 State and hospital funding continues to  ** ___**  and the budget of that
hospital is roughly 50 percent of what it was when Jerry was a doctor there.

A:shrink  
B:enlarge  
C:precede  
D:inflame  
答案: shrink

322、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

323、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

324、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

325、 If you track the progress of your project, you can make the necessary  **
___**  to your plan and your schedule.

A:commitments  
B:Installments  
C:fragments  
D:adjustments  
答案: adjustments

326、 Mobile phones are becoming an increasingly  ** ___**  way to make all
sorts of payments.

A:irrelevant  
B:prevalent  
C:inappropriate  
D:consideration  
答案: prevalent

327、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

328、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

329、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

330、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

331、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

332、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

333、 The film helped increase awareness on climate change, and encouraged
people to consider how their actions could help  ** ___**  such an
environmental crisis.

A:circulate  
B:elevate  
C:avert  
D:restore  
答案: avert

334、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

335、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

336、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

337、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

338、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

339、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

340、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

341、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

342、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens

343、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

344、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

345、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

346、 The work was often done in miserable weather and the soldiers lived in
** ___**  housing.

A:primitive  
B:respective  
C:comprehensive  
D:imaginative  
答案: primitive

347、 Generally, cows are considered sacred in Hindu-majority India, and  **
___**  them or eating beef is illegal or restricted across much of the
country.

A:pirating  
B:altering  
C:lightering  
D:slaughtering  
答案: slaughtering

348、 A lab later confirmed that the  ** ___**  medication he was taking for
his thyroid was contaminated and triggered the positive test.

A:description  
B:prescription  
C:attribution  
D:contribution  
答案: prescription

349、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

350、 The zoo limits food from tourists to just 10 percent of a dolphin’s daily
** ___**  in order to dissuade food dependency.

A:management  
B:exhaustion  
C:intake  
D:navigation  
答案: intake

351、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

352、 The new rules released on last Friday barred for-profit tutoring in core
school subjects; therefore, all institutions offering tutoring on the school
curriculum would be  ** ___**  as non-profit organizations.

A:intervened  
B:accepted  
C:excluded  
D:registered  
答案: registered

353、 After the death of the father, the family later settled in Connecticut,
where the mother  ** ___**  tennis and raised their children.

A:coached  
B:lectured  
C:denounced  
D:preached  
答案: coached

354、 Manufacturers of all sizes are under the strongest inflationary pressure
following a  ** ___**  rise in raw-materials prices.

A:moderate  
B:trivial  
C:steep  
D:marginal  
答案: steep

355、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

356、 Like most of Windows 11, these are  ** ___**  changes that you only
really start to notice after using the OS for a few days.

A:obvious  
B:distinct  
C:subtle  
D:certain  
答案: subtle

357、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

358、 Of all the issues that hindered the peace process, none was more
devastating and frustrating than the  ** ___**  of violence in the country.

A:prediction  
B:distribution  
C:investigation  
D:escalation  
答案: escalation

359、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

360、 U.S. companies are  ** ___**  from selling goods to companies on the list
without Commerce Department licenses, which are difficult to obtain.

A:banned  
B:shunned  
C:withdrawn  
D:advocated  
答案: banned

361、 After the examination, the math teacher told me “You’re so smart! I’m
surprised they kept you in the  ** ___**  class for so long.”

A:advanced  
B:remedial  
C:backward  
D:talented  
答案: remedial

362、 Mexico hopes that roughly equalizing the vaccination rates on both sides
of the border will  ** ___**  the lifting of those restrictions.

A:lengthen  
B:strengthen  
C:thicken  
D:hasten  
答案: hasten

363、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens

364、 They have been reluctant to admit AIDS patients, partly because of fears
of  ** ___**.

A:contact  
B:contempt  
C:contagion  
D:container  
答案: contagion

365、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

366、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

367、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

368、 Generally, cows are considered sacred in Hindu-majority India, and  **
___**  them or eating beef is illegal or restricted across much of the
country.

A:pirating  
B:altering  
C:lightering  
D:slaughtering  
答案: slaughtering

369、 Though moths survive by making themselves invisible, ladybugs survive by
being  ** ___**  and telling birds not to eat them.

A:conspicuous  
B:liberal  
C:magnetic  
D:nervous  
答案: conspicuous

370、 A lab later confirmed that the  ** ___**  medication he was taking for
his thyroid was contaminated and triggered the positive test.

A:description  
B:prescription  
C:attribution  
D:contribution  
答案: prescription

371、 The house was then all in flame, but none of the gathered crowd made any
effort to  ** ___**  the fire.

A:exaggerate  
B:extinguish  
C:exchange  
D:exclaim  
答案: extinguish

372、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

373、 The new rules released on last Friday barred for-profit tutoring in core
school subjects; therefore, all institutions offering tutoring on the school
curriculum would be  ** ___**  as non-profit organizations.

A:intervened  
B:accepted  
C:excluded  
D:registered  
答案: registered

374、 After the death of the father, the family later settled in Connecticut,
where the mother  ** ___**  tennis and raised their children.

A:coached  
B:lectured  
C:denounced  
D:preached  
答案: coached

375、 Manufacturers of all sizes are under the strongest inflationary pressure
following a  ** ___**  rise in raw-materials prices.

A:moderate  
B:trivial  
C:steep  
D:marginal  
答案: steep

376、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

377、 Like most of Windows 11, these are  ** ___**  changes that you only
really start to notice after using the OS for a few days.

A:obvious  
B:distinct  
C:subtle  
D:certain  
答案: subtle

378、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

379、 Like most of Windows 11, these are  ** ___**  changes that you only
really start to notice after using the OS for a few days.

A:obvious  
B:distinct  
C:subtle  
D:certain  
答案: subtle

380、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

381、 After the examination, the math teacher told me “You’re so smart! I’m
surprised they kept you in the  ** ___**  class for so long.”

A:advanced  
B:remedial  
C:backward  
D:talented  
答案: remedial

382、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

383、 Mexico hopes that roughly equalizing the vaccination rates on both sides
of the border will  ** ___**  the lifting of those restrictions.

A:lengthen  
B:strengthen  
C:thicken  
D:hasten  
答案: hasten

384、 Many of the region’s pigs and  ** ___**  are raised indoors, where
farmers combine methods such as fans, showers and cooling systems.

A:birds  
B:mutton  
C:pork  
D:poultry  
答案: poultry

385、 They have been reluctant to admit AIDS patients, partly because of fears
of  ** ___**.

A:contact  
B:contempt  
C:contagion  
D:container  
答案: contagion

386、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

387、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

388、 Though moths survive by making themselves invisible, ladybugs survive by
being  ** ___**  and telling birds not to eat them.

A:conspicuous  
B:liberal  
C:magnetic  
D:nervous  
答案: conspicuous

389、 The house was then all in flame, but none of the gathered crowd made any
effort to  ** ___**  the fire.

A:exaggerate  
B:extinguish  
C:exchange  
D:exclaim  
答案: extinguish

390、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

391、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

392、 Writing brings power to modern societies, by making it possible to  **
___**  knowledge with far greater accuracy.

A:transact  
B:transfer  
C:transmit  
D:transport  
答案: transmit

393、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

394、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

395、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

396、 The demand to spend 60 hours per week at an office is one that  ** ___**
the lives of professional, higher-paid workers.

A:consumes  
B:depletes  
C:occupies  
D:wastes  
答案: depletes

397、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

398、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

399、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

400、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

401、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

402、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

403、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

404、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

405、 After the scandal, public confidence in the economic recovery has fallen
** ___**  and they were very disappointed.

A:particularly  
B:frequently  
C:dramatically  
D:analytically  
答案: dramatically

406、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

## Unit 3. Technology Quiz 1： Unit 3 – Technology

1、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 3. 1\. According to Text A, technology brings opportunities for people
in the creative industries to _____.

A:design more thrilling video games  
B:provide  better customer service  
C:produce more stunning movies  
D:experience remote collaboration  
答案: provide  better customer service

2、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 3.2. Which of the following statements represents Dick Penny’s opinion
described in paragraph 4？

A:Traditional approach to art appreciation is interactive.  
B:We have formed liberal and flexible cultural habits.  
C:We should consider abandoning our traditional approach.  
D:Technology offers us an alternative participatory approach.  
答案: Technology offers us an alternative participatory approach.

3、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 3.3. Accroding to Text A, which of the following statements about the
technology age is true?

A:Traditional editors welcome the changes and opportunities brought by modern
technology.  
B:Information has to be transmitted through experts and technology
professionals.  
C:Technology makes it much easier for average people to realize their creative
dream.  
D:Information-sharing process becomes significantly time-consuming and
complicated.  
答案: Technology makes it much easier for average people to realize their
creative dream.

4、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 3.4. What is true about the digital audience?

A:They are only loyal to a limited number of websites.  
B:They tend to write extensive comments on a website.  
C:They are easily fascinated by the magazine content.  
D:They frequently change their mind.  
答案: They frequently change their mind.

5、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 3.5. The word “tastemaker” in paragraph 11 means _____.

A:a person who sets the standards of what is currently popular  
B:a person who provides interesting information for the public  
C:a person who cooks tasty, nutritious and beautiful food  
D:a person who designs and creates artistic clothing items  
答案: a person who sets the standards of what is currently popular

6、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
3. 6\. Technology makes it possible for average people to become famous.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

7、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
3. 7\. Over the past decade the creative industry has reached such a high
level of professionalism that only experts can get involved.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

8、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
3. 8\. Guardian Witness is a TV program in the UK that allows crime witnesses
to share their experiences.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

9、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
3. 9\. Generation Y, like their parents, are also interested in news, but they
do not trust TV news programs.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

10、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
3. 10\. People today have access to an overwhelming amount of information,
which raises concerns about the unnecessary information.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

11、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)11. He
is as active now as he ever was, although his schedule now leaves him more
time to _____ his hobbies.  
答案: (以下答案任选其一都对)indulge;  
indulge in

12、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)12. In
a deliberately _____ speech, she criticized the whole system of government.  
答案: provocative

13、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)13.
There is a great deal of interest in _____ wind and waves as new sources of
power.  
答案: harnessing

14、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)14.
Although the subject is _____ in the outdoor media, and editors hate to bring
it up, the question that is being asked by many people is whether hunting is
necessary in modern times.  
答案: anathema

15、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)15.
Hurricanes are _____ beasts, their projected paths never certain, their total
destruction sometimes not known for days.  
答案: fickle

16、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)16.
This proposal will almost certainly _____ another countrywide debate about
immigration.  
答案: spark

17、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)17.
The new economic development project will _____ over 500 new jobs and more
than $71 million in investment to the community.  
答案: generate

18、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)18.  A
_____ world is a computer-based online community environment that is designed
and shared by individuals so that they can interact in a custom-built,
simulated world.  
答案: virtual

19、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)19.
Adopted at birth by a couple in the U.S., Sara has always wanted to find her
birth parents, but recently it’s become an _____.  
答案: obsession

20、 Unit 3_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (anathema, obsession,
indulge, provocative, spark, harness, virtual, propel, fickle, generate)20.
Mr. Bolsonaro was _____ to victory by his campaign promises to curb Brazil’s
rampant corruption and crime.  
答案: propelled

21、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)21. Lack of responsibility in the workplace
often stems from ineffective leadership practices and mindsets.  
答案: accountability

22、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)22. Lazy people dislike labor; those who
are not paid are unwilling to work; and those who are paid less than others
are backward in giving their services.  
答案: are averse to

23、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)23. Many nations have imposed penalties on
the country because of its attacks on its own people.  
答案: sanctions

24、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)24. The president has had complaints about
a perceived lack of public support for his shutdown stance and Syria
withdrawal plan from within his administration.  
答案: gripes

25、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)25. It is not recommended that you copy and
paste content from the original source onto your website. Doing this may
violate copyright laws.  
答案: infringe on

26、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)26. In a ‍class-conscious society, certain
social positions have more prestige and importance than others, and the higher
class always gets better opportunities.  
答案: hierarchical

27、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)27. A recently published report claims that
global warming is causing some irreversible changes to the earth, which
completely contradicts the position of the White House.  
答案: starkly

28、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)28. An unhealthy relationship is one that
causes more emotional turmoil than satisfaction. It can greatly damage our
well-being.  
答案: dysfunctional

29、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)29. After ensuring the crosswalk is clear,
you can cautiously proceed to make sure the roadway is clear of vehicles
before walking through the intersection.  
答案: discreetly

30、 Unit 3_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form when necessary.
(sanction, hierarchical, nuisance, dysfunctional, accountability, infringe,
gripe, starkly, averse, discreetly)30. The noise from the square dancing every
night has become such ‍an annoying thing, and now the government is getting
involved.  
答案: a nuisance

## Unit 3. Technology Quiz 2： Unit 3 Extended Vocabulary Quiz

1、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

2、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

3、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

4、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such as
pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

5、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

6、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

7、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

8、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

9、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

10、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

11、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

12、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

13、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

14、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

15、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

16、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

17、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

18、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

19、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

20、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

21、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

22、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

23、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

24、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

25、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

26、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

27、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such
as pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

28、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

29、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

30、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

31、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

32、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

33、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

34、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

35、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

36、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

37、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

38、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats, to
be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

39、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

40、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

41、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

42、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

43、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

44、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

45、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

46、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

47、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

48、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

49、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

50、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

51、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

52、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

53、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

54、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

55、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

56、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases ,
e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

57、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

58、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

59、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

60、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

61、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

62、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

63、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

64、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of death,
including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

65、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

66、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

67、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

68、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

69、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

70、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

71、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

72、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations disappointed
the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

73、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

74、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

75、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

76、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

77、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats, to
be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

78、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with milk,
egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

79、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

80、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

81、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

82、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

83、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

84、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

85、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

86、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

87、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

88、 The supervisor responsible for regular assessment will be transferred to
the accounting  ** ___**  in Los Angles.

A:division  
B:apartment  
C:environment  
D:strategy  
答案: division

89、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

90、 Mr. Johnson has been particularly good at handling issues concerning
employees and labor  ** ___**.

A:navigation  
B:disputes  
C:recipient  
D:necessity  
答案: disputes

91、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

92、 When I was trying to download the Netflix app, the following message
appeared on my cell phone: ‘This app is not  ** ___**  with your device.’

A:responsible  
B:arguable  
C:noticeable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

93、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

94、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear Ms.
Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

95、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases ,
e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

96、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

97、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

98、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

99、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

100、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can
be practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

101、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

102、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

103、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of
death, including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

104、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

105、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

106、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

107、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

108、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

109、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

110、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

111、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations
disappointed the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

112、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

113、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

114、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

115、 Thousands of native Americans were  ** ___**  in the name of
Civilization.

A:slaughtered  
B:terminated  
C:proceeded  
D:shivered  
答案: slaughtered

116、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with
milk, egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

117、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

118、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

119、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

120、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting
incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

121、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

122、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

123、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

124、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

125、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

126、 The supervisor responsible for regular assessment will be transferred to
the accounting  ** ___**  in Los Angles.

A:division  
B:apartment  
C:environment  
D:strategy  
答案: division

127、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

128、 Mr. Johnson has been particularly good at handling issues concerning
employees and labor  ** ___**.

A:navigation  
B:disputes  
C:recipient  
D:necessity  
答案: disputes

129、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

130、 When I was trying to download the Netflix app, the following message
appeared on my cell phone: ‘This app is not  ** ___**  with your device.’

A:responsible  
B:arguable  
C:noticeable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

131、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

132、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear
Ms. Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

133、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

134、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

135、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

136、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

137、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

138、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can
be practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

139、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

140、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

141、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

142、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

143、 The chemical composition of seawater bears little  ** ___**  to that of
river water.

A:consistency  
B:resemblance  
C:analogy  
D:discrepancy  
答案: resemblance

144、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

145、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

146、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

147、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

148、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

149、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

150、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

151、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

152、 Thousands of native Americans were  ** ___**  in the name of
Civilization.

A:slaughtered  
B:terminated  
C:proceeded  
D:shivered  
答案: slaughtered

153、 The paper discusses how to detect irregular conditions and take  ** ___**
actions to minimize system disturbances.

A:hilarious  
B:prompt  
C:reluctant  
D:suggestive  
答案: prompt

154、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

155、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

156、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

157、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

158、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

159、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

160、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

161、 He has a lot of energy and vitality but gets bored quickly when things
become  ** ___**.

A:abnormal  
B:attractive  
C:monotonous  
D:intriguing  
答案: monotonous

162、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

163、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

164、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

165、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

166、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

167、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

168、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not
seem to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

169、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

170、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

171、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

172、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

173、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

174、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

175、 The online banking provider Simple Banking has sought to provide an  **
___**  to traditional banking services.

A:similarity  
B:reference  
C:alternative  
D:connection  
答案: alternative

176、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

177、 It’s easy to get discouraged when we don’t see  ** ___**  results from a
fitness program.

A:critical  
B:immediate  
C:dominant  
D:trivial  
答案: immediate

178、 The chemical composition of seawater bears little  ** ___**  to that of
river water.

A:consistency  
B:resemblance  
C:analogy  
D:discrepancy  
答案: resemblance

179、 The generator will shut off  ** ___**  if the temperature rises above a
specified point.

A:systematically  
B:typically  
C:incidentally  
D:automatically  
答案: automatically

180、 The present study  ** ___**  whether or not test takers’ performance is
affected by factors other than their English proficiency.

A:suggests  
B:investigates  
C:reveals  
D:generates  
答案: investigates

181、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

182、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

183、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

184、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

185、 The paper discusses how to detect irregular conditions and take  ** ___**
actions to minimize system disturbances.

A:hilarious  
B:prompt  
C:reluctant  
D:suggestive  
答案: prompt

186、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

187、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

188、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

189、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

190、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

191、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

192、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

193、 He has a lot of energy and vitality but gets bored quickly when things
become  ** ___**.

A:abnormal  
B:attractive  
C:monotonous  
D:intriguing  
答案: monotonous

194、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

195、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

196、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

197、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

198、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

199、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

200、 The doctor said “Coffee or energy drinks can never  ** ___**  what
happens during good sleep. Good sleep offers so much more.”

A:prepare  
B:replace  
C:settle  
D:continue  
答案: replace

201、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

202、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

203、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

204、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

205、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

206、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

207、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

208、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

209、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

210、 The group that gathered to discuss the issue reached  ** ___**
conclusions because they had insufficient and flawed information.

A:sensible  
B:ridiculous  
C:rational  
D:intelligent  
答案: ridiculous

211、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

212、 The messy room was  ** ___**  to look at, so he cleaned it before his
friends’ visit.

A:pleasant  
B:attractive  
C:unsightly  
D:elegant  
答案: unsightly

213、 It is widely accepted that doctors frequently  ** ___**  unnecessary
medicines or expensive ones when a cheaper one would do just as well.

A:transcribe  
B:subscribe  
C:ascribe  
D:prescribe  
答案: prescribe

214、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

215、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

216、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

217、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

218、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

219、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

220、 Advancements in technology have improved virtually every  ** ___**  of
our lives, and the best is yet to come.

A:trace  
B:perspective  
C:aspect  
D:occasion  
答案: aspect

221、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

222、 Where education shifts from class to online, students with uneven  **
___**  to technology, learning resources, internet connectivity will be
disproportionately affected.

A:faith  
B:commitment  
C:engagement  
D:access  
答案: access

223、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

224、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

225、 The doctor said “Coffee or energy drinks can never  ** ___**  what
happens during good sleep. Good sleep offers so much more.”

A:prepare  
B:replace  
C:settle  
D:continue  
答案: replace

226、 The experience gained on this project can be of  ** ___**  to others who
endeavor to take a similar approach.

A:prevalence  
B:hindrance  
C:resistance  
D:assistance  
答案: assistance

227、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

228、 In 2020, the switch to remote work had  ** ___**  impacts on companies’
abilities to connect with their employees virtually.

A:profound  
B:restricted  
C:adverse  
D:negligible  
答案: profound

229、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

230、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

231、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

232、 His paper only provides a  ** ___**  analysis of how the violence in
video games affects young people and is not informative at all.

A:absorbing  
B:comprehensive  
C:systematic  
D:superficial  
答案: superficial

233、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

234、 The new teaching model can motivate learners, increase their learning
interest and  ** ___**  their learning efficiency.

A:impede  
B:enhance  
C:detract  
D:restrict  
答案: enhance

235、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

236、 Flooding displaced thousands of people and caused extensive damage to  **
___**  and crops in Zambia.

A:objectiviey  
B:property  
C:ragularity  
D:sustainability  
答案: property

237、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

238、 While most police officers fulfill their duty diligently, there are some
who  ** ___**  the power they have to satisfy selfish personal desires.

A:equate  
B:quit  
C:pursue  
D:abuse  
答案: abuse

239、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

240、  Witness testimony is the verbal account of events or knowledge of the
facts  ** ___**  to the crime.

A:indifferent  
B:consistent  
C:relevant  
D:evident  
答案: relevant

241、 The group that gathered to discuss the issue reached  ** ___**
conclusions because they had insufficient and flawed information.

A:sensible  
B:ridiculous  
C:rational  
D:intelligent  
答案: ridiculous

242、 State and hospital funding continues to  ** ___**  and the budget of that
hospital is roughly 50 percent of what it was when Jerry was a doctor there.

A:shrink  
B:enlarge  
C:precede  
D:inflame  
答案: shrink

243、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

244、 Managing emotions intelligently means making wise choices that  ** ___**
the grip of stress, not just mask it.

A:prolong  
B:resume  
C:release  
D:adjust  
答案: release

245、 The messy room was  ** ___**  to look at, so he cleaned it before his
friends’ visit.

A:pleasant  
B:attractive  
C:unsightly  
D:elegant  
答案: unsightly

246、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

247、 It is widely accepted that doctors frequently  ** ___**  unnecessary
medicines or expensive ones when a cheaper one would do just as well.

A:transcribe  
B:subscribe  
C:ascribe  
D:prescribe  
答案: prescribe

248、 Mobile phones are becoming an increasingly  ** ___**  way to make all
sorts of payments.

A:irrelevant  
B:prevalent  
C:inappropriate  
D:consideration  
答案: prevalent

249、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

250、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

251、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

252、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

253、 Knowing what  ** ___**  anxiety generally makes it easier to find helpful
ways to cope.

A:accommodates  
B:triggers  
C:liberates  
D:imitates  
答案: triggers

254、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

255、 Properly inflated tires increases gas mileage and  ** ___**  safer
driving in winter conditions.

A:excludes  
B:negates  
C:congests  
D:promotes  
答案: promotes

256、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

257、 The increasing need for screening a large number of patients for COVID-19
has caused an  ** ___**  demand for the diagnostic kits.

A:superb  
B:massive  
C:ridiculous  
D:fantastic  
答案: massive

258、 Storage, obviously, is critical for Big Data because of the  ** ___**
volume of information needed .

A:finite  
B:restricted  
C:massive  
D:definite  
答案: massive

259、 In Individualistic societies, people define themselves in terms of ‘I’
and their unique  ** ___**.

A:factors  
B:dimensions  
C:attributes  
D:benefits  
答案: attributes

260、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

261、 Where education shifts from class to online, students with uneven  **
___**  to technology, learning resources, internet connectivity will be
disproportionately affected.

A:faith  
B:commitment  
C:engagement  
D:access  
答案: access

262、 The UN has evolved over the years to keep  ** ___**  with a rapidly
changing world.

A:record  
B:line  
C:stage  
D:pace  
答案: pace

263、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

264、 Language is still the primary thing that we use to communicate and it is
what makes us  ** ___**  different from other animals.

A:eventually  
B:consistently  
C:inevitably  
D:fundamentally  
答案: fundamentally

265、 The experience gained on this project can be of  ** ___**  to others who
endeavor to take a similar approach.

A:prevalence  
B:hindrance  
C:resistance  
D:assistance  
答案: assistance

266、 We all know that human beings are  ** ___**  to error, so can perfection
be achieved?

A:favorable  
B:prone  
C:indifferent  
D:sympathetic  
答案: prone

267、 In 2020, the switch to remote work had  ** ___**  impacts on companies’
abilities to connect with their employees virtually.

A:profound  
B:restricted  
C:adverse  
D:negligible  
答案: profound

268、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

269、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

270、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

271、 His paper only provides a  ** ___**  analysis of how the violence in
video games affects young people and is not informative at all.

A:absorbing  
B:comprehensive  
C:systematic  
D:superficial  
答案: superficial

272、 If you track the progress of your project, you can make the necessary  **
___**  to your plan and your schedule.

A:commitments  
B:Installments  
C:fragments  
D:adjustments  
答案: adjustments

273、 The new teaching model can motivate learners, increase their learning
interest and  ** ___**  their learning efficiency.

A:impede  
B:enhance  
C:detract  
D:restrict  
答案: enhance

274、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

275、 Flooding displaced thousands of people and caused extensive damage to  **
___**  and crops in Zambia.

A:objectiviey  
B:property  
C:ragularity  
D:sustainability  
答案: property

276、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

277、 While most police officers fulfill their duty diligently, there are some
who  ** ___**  the power they have to satisfy selfish personal desires.

A:equate  
B:quit  
C:pursue  
D:abuse  
答案: abuse

278、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

279、  Witness testimony is the verbal account of events or knowledge of the
facts  ** ___**  to the crime.

A:indifferent  
B:consistent  
C:relevant  
D:evident  
答案: relevant

280、 The film helped increase awareness on climate change, and encouraged
people to consider how their actions could help  ** ___**  such an
environmental crisis.

A:circulate  
B:elevate  
C:avert  
D:restore  
答案: avert

281、 State and hospital funding continues to  ** ___**  and the budget of that
hospital is roughly 50 percent of what it was when Jerry was a doctor there.

A:shrink  
B:enlarge  
C:precede  
D:inflame  
答案: shrink

282、 According to the latest study, fewer operations meant better results and
reduced the likelihood of  ** ___**  in this case.

A:complications  
B:investigations  
C:dedications  
D:multiplications  
答案: complications

283、 Managing emotions intelligently means making wise choices that  ** ___**
the grip of stress, not just mask it.

A:prolong  
B:resume  
C:release  
D:adjust  
答案: release

284、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

285、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

286、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

287、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

288、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

289、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

290、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

291、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

292、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens

293、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

294、 The work was often done in miserable weather and the soldiers lived in
** ___**  housing.

A:primitive  
B:respective  
C:comprehensive  
D:imaginative  
答案: primitive

295、 Generally, cows are considered sacred in Hindu-majority India, and  **
___**  them or eating beef is illegal or restricted across much of the
country.

A:pirating  
B:altering  
C:lightering  
D:slaughtering  
答案: slaughtering

296、 A lab later confirmed that the  ** ___**  medication he was taking for
his thyroid was contaminated and triggered the positive test.

A:description  
B:prescription  
C:attribution  
D:contribution  
答案: prescription

297、 The zoo limits food from tourists to just 10 percent of a dolphin’s daily
** ___**  in order to dissuade food dependency.

A:management  
B:exhaustion  
C:intake  
D:navigation  
答案: intake

298、 The new rules released on last Friday barred for-profit tutoring in core
school subjects; therefore, all institutions offering tutoring on the school
curriculum would be  ** ___**  as non-profit organizations.

A:intervened  
B:accepted  
C:excluded  
D:registered  
答案: registered

299、 After the death of the father, the family later settled in Connecticut,
where the mother  ** ___**  tennis and raised their children.

A:coached  
B:lectured  
C:denounced  
D:preached  
答案: coached

300、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

301、 Manufacturers of all sizes are under the strongest inflationary pressure
following a  ** ___**  rise in raw-materials prices.

A:moderate  
B:trivial  
C:steep  
D:marginal  
答案: steep

302、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

303、 Like most of Windows 11, these are  ** ___**  changes that you only
really start to notice after using the OS for a few days.

A:obvious  
B:distinct  
C:subtle  
D:certain  
答案: subtle

304、 Of all the issues that hindered the peace process, none was more
devastating and frustrating than the  ** ___**  of violence in the country.

A:prediction  
B:distribution  
C:investigation  
D:escalation  
答案: escalation

305、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

306、 U.S. companies are  ** ___**  from selling goods to companies on the list
without Commerce Department licenses, which are difficult to obtain.

A:banned  
B:shunned  
C:withdrawn  
D:advocated  
答案: banned

307、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:moderate  
B:excessive  
C:discreet  
D:relevant  
答案: moderate

308、 After the examination, the math teacher told me “You’re so smart! I’m
surprised they kept you in the  ** ___**  class for so long.”

A:advanced  
B:remedial  
C:backward  
D:talented  
答案: remedial

309、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

310、 Mexico hopes that roughly equalizing the vaccination rates on both sides
of the border will  ** ___**  the lifting of those restrictions.

A:lengthen  
B:strengthen  
C:thicken  
D:hasten  
答案: hasten

311、 They have been reluctant to admit AIDS patients, partly because of fears
of  ** ___**.

A:contact  
B:contempt  
C:contagion  
D:container  
答案: contagion

312、 According to the latest study, fewer operations meant better results and
reduced the likelihood of  ** ___**  in this case.

A:complications  
B:investigations  
C:dedications  
D:multiplications  
答案: complications

313、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

314、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

315、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

316、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

317、 Though moths survive by making themselves invisible, ladybugs survive by
being  ** ___**  and telling birds not to eat them.

A:conspicuous  
B:liberal  
C:magnetic  
D:nervous  
答案: conspicuous

318、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

319、 The house was then all in flame, but none of the gathered crowd made any
effort to  ** ___**  the fire.

A:exaggerate  
B:extinguish  
C:exchange  
D:exclaim  
答案: extinguish

320、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

321、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

322、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

323、 Writing brings power to modern societies, by making it possible to  **
___**  knowledge with far greater accuracy.

A:transact  
B:transfer  
C:transmit  
D:transport  
答案: transmit

324、 The demand to spend 60 hours per week at an office is one that  ** ___**
the lives of professional, higher-paid workers.

A:consumes  
B:depletes  
C:occupies  
D:wastes  
答案: depletes

325、 Since flowers are not classified as  ** ___** , they are often exempt
from pesticide regulations.

A:approachable  
B:trustable  
C:edible  
D:suitable  
答案: edible

326、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

327、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

328、 Generally, cows are considered sacred in Hindu-majority India, and  **
___**  them or eating beef is illegal or restricted across much of the
country.

A:pirating  
B:altering  
C:lightering  
D:slaughtering  
答案: slaughtering

329、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

330、 A lab later confirmed that the  ** ___**  medication he was taking for
his thyroid was contaminated and triggered the positive test.

A:description  
B:prescription  
C:attribution  
D:contribution  
答案: prescription

331、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

332、 The zoo limits food from tourists to just 10 percent of a dolphin’s daily
** ___**  in order to dissuade food dependency.

A:management  
B:exhaustion  
C:intake  
D:navigation  
答案: intake

333、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

334、 The new rules released on last Friday barred for-profit tutoring in core
school subjects; therefore, all institutions offering tutoring on the school
curriculum would be  ** ___**  as non-profit organizations.

A:intervened  
B:accepted  
C:excluded  
D:registered  
答案: registered

335、 Many of the region’s pigs and  ** ___**  are raised indoors, where
farmers combine methods such as fans, showers and cooling systems.

A:birds  
B:mutton  
C:pork  
D:poultry  
答案: poultry

336、 After the death of the father, the family later settled in Connecticut,
where the mother  ** ___**  tennis and raised their children.

A:coached  
B:lectured  
C:denounced  
D:preached  
答案: coached

337、 After the scandal, public confidence in the economic recovery has fallen
** ___**  and they were very disappointed.

A:particularly  
B:frequently  
C:dramatically  
D:analytically  
答案: dramatically

338、 Manufacturers of all sizes are under the strongest inflationary pressure
following a  ** ___**  rise in raw-materials prices.

A:moderate  
B:trivial  
C:steep  
D:marginal  
答案: steep

339、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague

340、 Like most of Windows 11, these are  ** ___**  changes that you only
really start to notice after using the OS for a few days.

A:obvious  
B:distinct  
C:subtle  
D:certain  
答案: subtle

341、 Of all the issues that hindered the peace process, none was more
devastating and frustrating than the  ** ___**  of violence in the country.

A:prediction  
B:distribution  
C:investigation  
D:escalation  
答案: escalation

342、 U.S. companies are  ** ___**  from selling goods to companies on the list
without Commerce Department licenses, which are difficult to obtain.

A:banned  
B:shunned  
C:withdrawn  
D:advocated  
答案: banned

343、 After the examination, the math teacher told me “You’re so smart! I’m
surprised they kept you in the  ** ___**  class for so long.”

A:advanced  
B:remedial  
C:backward  
D:talented  
答案: remedial

344、 Mexico hopes that roughly equalizing the vaccination rates on both sides
of the border will  ** ___**  the lifting of those restrictions.

A:lengthen  
B:strengthen  
C:thicken  
D:hasten  
答案: hasten

345、 They have been reluctant to admit AIDS patients, partly because of fears
of  ** ___**.

A:contact  
B:contempt  
C:contagion  
D:container  
答案: contagion

346、 It is reported by several news agencies that those factors will constrain
the government’s ability to  ** ___**  the economy again.

A:deteriorate  
B:invigorate  
C:legitimate  
D:evaporate  
答案: invigorate

347、 The young gentleman feels lucky, but from time to time, he can’t shed the
** ___**  that blankets him.

A:melancholy  
B:optimism  
C:excitement  
D:tranquility  
答案: melancholy

348、 Though moths survive by making themselves invisible, ladybugs survive by
being  ** ___**  and telling birds not to eat them.

A:conspicuous  
B:liberal  
C:magnetic  
D:nervous  
答案: conspicuous

349、 The house was then all in flame, but none of the gathered crowd made any
effort to  ** ___**  the fire.

A:exaggerate  
B:extinguish  
C:exchange  
D:exclaim  
答案: extinguish

350、 It is our wish that the next decade will bring peace, happiness, and  **
___** , with us learn to respect our difference.

A:prophecy  
B:prospect  
C:protection  
D:prosperity  
答案: prosperity

351、 Writing brings power to modern societies, by making it possible to  **
___**  knowledge with far greater accuracy.

A:transact  
B:transfer  
C:transmit  
D:transport  
答案: transmit

352、 The demand to spend 60 hours per week at an office is one that  ** ___**
the lives of professional, higher-paid workers.

A:consumes  
B:depletes  
C:occupies  
D:wastes  
答案: depletes

353、 The company (Urgent Care of Connecticut )  ** ___**  rapid expansion over
the next 12 to 18 months as the need for urgent care services continues to
grow across the country.

A:foresees  
B:fosters  
C:fulfills  
D:follows  
答案: foresees

354、 Empty or abandoned houses serve as  ** ___**  homes to people who fled
their own homes with the aim of starting a new life.

A:brilliant  
B:foreign  
C:temporary  
D:secondary  
答案: temporary

355、 Throughout all the colonies and most of the early United States, one of
the most common drinks was hard cider made from  ** ___**  apples.

A:corrupted  
B:fermented  
C:preserved  
D:ripened  
答案: fermented

356、 Battling tropical storms and the risk of unstable  ** ___** , rescuers of
the earthquake worked through more than 13,000 tons of broken concrete.

A:debris  
B:fragments  
C:endgames  
D:pieces  
答案: debris

357、 Locust-patrolling pilots in Kenya, Ethiopia and Somalia flew the
equivalent of three times the  ** ___**  of the globe last month.

A:quantity  
B:volume  
C:circumference  
D:length  
答案: circumference

358、 Many of the region’s pigs and  ** ___**  are raised indoors, where
farmers combine methods such as fans, showers and cooling systems.

A:birds  
B:mutton  
C:pork  
D:poultry  
答案: poultry

359、 After the scandal, public confidence in the economic recovery has fallen
** ___**  and they were very disappointed.

A:particularly  
B:frequently  
C:dramatically  
D:analytically  
答案: dramatically

360、 The rule for the competition is somewhat  ** ___**  and I require an
explanation from the committee.

A:gigantic  
B:vague  
C:transparent  
D:surprising  
答案: vague



## Unit 4. Health Quiz 1： Unit 4 – Health

1、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 4. 1\. The study published in the New England Journal of Medicine
found that after the weight-loss surgery, _____.

A:the teenagers lost weight faster than the adults  
B:the teenagers suffered more complications than the adults  
C:the teenagers recovered better than the adults  
D:the teenagers did as well as the adults  
答案: the teenagers recovered better than the adults

2、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 4. 2\. Who is the lead author of the new study mentioned in the text?

A:Dr. Amir Ghaferi.  
B:Dr.  David B. Sarwer.  
C:Dr. John Morton.  
D:Dr. Thomas Inge.  
答案: Dr. Thomas Inge.

3、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 4. 3\. What is NOT the consequence of the operation of gastric bypass
surgery?

A:A shape change of the stomach.  
B:A reroutement of the stomach.  
C:A lifelong change in the patient’s diet.  
D:A reroutement of the intestine.  
答案: A reroutement of the stomach.

4、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 4. 4\. How many accredited centers for weight-loss surgery are there
for teenagers in the U.S.A?

A:6.  
B:850.  
C:35.  
D:33.  
答案: 6.

5、 Choose the best answer to this question based on the information in Text A
of Unit 4. 5.  The words of Eric Decker in Paragraph 12 show that _____.

A:obesity has been medically recognized as a chronic disease  
B:many people choose to be obese by themselves  
C:obese people lack self-discipline and need to correct their behavior  
D:obese teenagers are victims of campus bullying  
答案: obesity has been medically recognized as a chronic disease

6、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
4. 6\. The criteria for the adolescent candidates for the study described in
the text were different from those for the adult candidates.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

7、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
4. 7\. So far, a gastric bypass surgery is the most effective treatment for
substantial weight-loss for obese people.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

8、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
4. 8\. The study shows that the duration of obesity may have an influence on
the surgical outcome.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 正确

9、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
4. 9.  According to the author, an adolescent can understand the significance
of a drastic operation and can follow a restricted diet after the operation.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

10、 Decide whether this statement is true or false according to Text A of Unit
4. 10\. It can be inferred that the effect of stigmatization in obese
teenagers will end once they lose some weight and go to college.

A:正确  
B:错误  
答案: 错误

11、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 11\. The orphanage is one of the 754 operating in the country, she
said, though only 35 are _____ by the government.  
答案: accredited

12、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 12\. Just as the president uses _____ nicknames for his political
enemies, so he does for his own subordinates.  
答案: derisive

13、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 13\. People who received plasma with the highest levels of
antibodies _____ better than those given plasma with fewer antibodies.  
答案: fared

14、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 14\. We are disrupting the lives of a vulnerable population, and I
think what we are missing today is empathy and _____.  
答案: compassion

15、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 15\. After two weeks of _____ violent and peaceful nighttime
protests in the city, the afternoon event felt like a festival.  
答案: alternately

16、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 16\. They returned to impoverished neighborhoods, bringing few
resources and bearing the _____ of their prison record.  
答案: stigma

17、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 17\. In cases of domestic violence, such as a riot within a state,
the national government has the right to _____, even if there is no request
for help from any state.  
答案: intervene

18、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 18\. As biological research races forward, ethical _____ are
piling up.  
答案: quandaries

19、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 19\. The law only applies to goods or services _____ “necessary
for consumption or use as a direct result of events giving rise to a state of
emergency”.  
答案: deemed

20、 Unit 4_Text A: VocabularyFill in the blank in the following sentence with
one of these words and change the form if necessary. (fare, alternately,
quandary, accredited, intervene, stigma, transformative, derisively, deem,
compassion) 20\. The finance industry is in the midst of a _____ period of
evolution, and financial economists have a huge agenda to tackle.  
答案: transformative

21、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined words in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)21. Such rubbing damage forms when people
use their teeth for repeated, forceful stretching and softening of animal
tendon or plant material.  
答案: abrasion

22、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined words in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)22. Remain alert to the risk of people
spitting / coughing close to or on you, either accidentally or with intention.  
答案: deliberately

23、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)23. The study found often the workers were
exposed to poisonous chemicals without any protective clothing.  
答案: toxic

24、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)24. The absence of fences created a
mysterious closeness in which no one knew privacy.  
答案: intimacy

25、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)25. Many societies share a deep-rooted
belief that men are supposed to be the providers and protectors of the family.  
答案: entrenched

26、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)26. We can’t forget broccoli stalks, which,
once you peel off the chewy exteriors, are tender and delicious.  
答案: fibrous

27、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined words in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)27. The country deployed troops to help
evacuate people and build barricades as well as hand out food, after flooding
cut roads and swept away houses and belongings.  
答案: distribute

28、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)28. Once cultures appeared, they never
ceased to change and develop, and these unstoppable changes are what we call
“history”.  
答案: alterations

29、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined word in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately)29. The universality of the use of this
symbol is proved by its popularity as well in Europe as in Asia and Africa.  
答案: prevalence

30、 Unit 4_Text B: VocabularyReplace the underlined words in the following
sentence with one of these words and change the form where necessary.
(intimacy, distribute, predispose, abrasion, toxic, entrench, alteration,
prevalence, fibrous, deliberately) 30\. If you knew early in life you were
more likely to suffer from heart disease, it might prevail upon you to
exercise more often and limit excessive indulgence in high-fat foods.  
答案: predisposed to

## Unit 4. Health Quiz 2： Extended Vocabulary Quiz

1、  Even without knowing all the details, readers are often able to  ** ___**
the direction the author is going to.

A:transform  
B:express  
C:anticipate  
D: calculate  
答案: anticipate

2、  Many how-to books about job interview advise you to  ** ___**  into the
room confidently and impress others with your qualities.

A: stride  
B:tiptoe  
C:mince  
D: rush  
答案:  stride

3、 Some companies  ** ___**  long-serving employees with shares in the
business when they retire.

A:appraise  
B:reward  
C:penalize  
D:query  
答案: reward

4、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such as
pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

5、 Vaccine supply is beginning to  ** ___**  demand in the United States, so
public health officials are getting creative in order to encourage people to
take the vaccine.

A:surge  
B:supreme  
C:surpass  
D:survive  
答案: surpass

6、 Drug companies, hospital staff, technicians, etc. can be held  ** ___**
for errors which result in the harm of a patient.

A:liable  
B:eligible  
C:capable  
D:available  
答案: liable

7、 One way to recognize employees is to offer them  ** ___**  benefits such as
pay raises and bonuses.

A:tangible  
B:potential  
C:eligible  
D:confidential  
答案: tangible

8、 Unfortunately, there are times in which a medical professional’s services
result in the harm of a patient instead of their  ** ___**.

A:military  
B:admission  
C:recovery  
D:criterion  
答案: recovery

9、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

10、 Our study examines how emotional feelings  ** ___**  by a large pool of TV
commercials influence the brand evaluations of adult consumers.

A:boasted  
B:evoked  
C:accused  
D:strove  
答案: evoked

11、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

12、 Children, elderly and pregnant women are the most vulnerable to the  **
___**  effects of air pollution.

A:beneficial  
B:incredible  
C:detrimental  
D:subtle  
答案: detrimental

13、 One major issue we are facing now is how to produce more food in a world
of ______ resources.

A:finite  
B:abundant  
C:sufficient  
D:enormous  
答案: finite

14、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

15、 A new law required associations that use freelancers in California to
reclassify these workers as full-time employees  ** ___**  to employee
benefits.

A:delivered  
B:verified  
C:entitled  
D:confined  
答案: entitled

16、 Three vacant buildings  ** ___**  Tuesday on the South Side after a storm
dumped a foot of snow in Chicago.

A:affiliated  
B:dictated  
C:collapsed  
D:subscribed  
答案: collapsed

17、 The little known truth is that lack of clean and  ** ___**  drinking water
is the second largest worldwide killer of children under five.

A:poisonous  
B:incredible  
C:favorable  
D:accessible  
答案: accessible

18、 His arms felt heavy and his heart hammered in his chest as he  ** ___**
at his opponent, preparing himself for the attack to come.

A:glared  
B:adapted  
C:fastened  
D:murmured  
答案: glared

19、 **___**  work is a highly important type of employment that involves the
provision of essential services that support the operations and survival of
companies.

A:Participation  
B:Administration  
C:Reflection  
D:Compensation  
答案: Administration

20、 According to Pittsburgh Public Security, as the policeman  ** ___**  the
vehicle​, the driver ran the car and struck one policeman’s left foot.

A:removed  
B:cleansed  
C:approached  
D:quivered  
答案: approached

21、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

22、 If the environment poses challenges for which the animal has no
corresponding adaptation, then functional problems may  ** ___**.

A:resolve  
B:arise  
C:dispose  
D:extinct  
答案: arise

23、 It is important to decide if potential roommates have  ** ___**
personalities and living habits.

A:liberal  
B:impatient  
C:amiable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

24、 The software has a new feature, “Digital watermarking”, which can help
companies  ** ___**  security problems caused by lost or stolen devices.

A:seduce  
B:eliminate  
C:contradict  
D:anticipate  
答案: eliminate

25、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

26、 Any type of adult care facility will be held  ** ___**  for the health of
the patients who are left in their care.

A:reliable  
B:sustainable  
C:comprehensible  
D:accountable  
答案: accountable

27、 In the play, we see how a series of  ** ___**  decisions made by Romeo and
Juliet lead them to kill themselves.

A:immature  
B:talented  
C:brilliant  
D:smart  
答案: immature

28、 A  ** ___**  person often worries that something may be dangerous or
unwise, so he/she acts very carefully or does things only after a lot of
thought.

A:fantastic  
B:influential  
C:muscular  
D:cautious  
答案: cautious

29、 Discrimination is systemic, not only in the United States but the world
over and it is entirely  ** ___**.

A:negligible  
B:imaginable  
C:unacceptable  
D:feasible  
答案: unacceptable

30、 He argues that it’s essential to solve a  ** ___**  problem first because
by doing that you’ll eliminate a root cause of other problems.

A:valuable  
B:trivial  
C:fundamental  
D:tremendous  
答案: fundamental

31、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

32、 All personnel involved in the company’s decision making should have an  **
___**  understanding of the company’s strategies, markets and competitors etc.

A:vague  
B:adequate  
C:instinctive  
D:superficial  
答案: adequate

33、 The service allows consumers to  ** ___**  cash into their Amazon account
in advance, which is a new payment option of the e-commerce giant.

A:deposit  
B:withdraw  
C:submit  
D:admit  
答案: deposit

34、 More than 97% of the participants found the course to be useful and  **
___**  .

A:mysterious  
B:practicable  
C:destructive  
D:neutral  
答案: practicable

35、 It’s perfectly natural for Americans, whether Republicans or Democrats, to
be  ** ___**  about government spending.

A:concerned  
B:delighted  
C:outrageous  
D:ferocious  
答案: concerned

36、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

37、 A study found that a child living in Birmingham, England, had his or her
life reduced by approximately 7 months due to  ** ___**  to toxic air!

A:concentration  
B:acquaintance  
C:impatience  
D:exposure  
答案: exposure

38、 Software developers must pay extra attention to each application in order
to find and  ** ___**  security problems.

A:mandate  
B:eliminate  
C:verify  
D:equate  
答案: eliminate

39、 The  ** ___**  effects of private tutoring include distortion of the
mainstream curricula, pressure on young pupils etc.

A:positive  
B:prominent  
C:adverse  
D:marginal  
答案: adverse

40、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

41、 The discovery of vaccines has led to the near  ** ___**  of several
important diseases and has had a tremendous impact on health for a relatively
low cost.

A:institution  
B:contradiction  
C:eradication  
D:imitation  
答案: eradication

42、 Hackers find voting machines used throughout the US are  ** ___**  to
attack.

A:sufficient  
B:instant  
C:relevant  
D:vulnerable  
答案: vulnerable

43、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

44、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  the development of video
conferencing, remote communication, cyber-security etc.

A:accelerated  
B:hindered  
C:maintained  
D:constrained  
答案: accelerated

45、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

46、 In a lecture given to small business owners, Dr. Smith recommended five
effective ways to unlock their employees’ full  ** ___** ___.

A:precedence  
B:profession  
C:preference  
D:potential  
答案: potential

47、 This article discusses many of the  ** ___**  causes of chronic diseases ,
e.g. unhealthy diets, sedentary lifestyles, and tobacco and alcohol
consumption.

A:underlying  
B:ambiguous  
C:unreasonable  
D:prevalent  
答案: underlying

48、 Dr. Hanson was invited to give a lecture to  ** ___**  the 20-year
anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

A:considerate  
B:commemorate  
C:replicate  
D:dilute  
答案: commemorate

49、 The government has recently developed a national strategy to promote  **
___**   access to education.

A:racial  
B:naive  
C:equitable  
D:queer  
答案: equitable

50、 The three-year draught has caused wide spread  ** ___**  in that
underdeveloped country.

A:hatred  
B:contentment  
C:famine  
D:satisfaction  
答案: famine

51、 Although he is in financial difficulties, he is  ** ___**  to accept my
offer of the loan of thirty thousand dollars.

A:ridiculous  
B:regular  
C:religious  
D:reluctant  
答案: reluctant

52、 The successful candidates are all creative in solving problems and ______
at learning new technologies and skills.

A:capable  
B:adept  
C:prominent  
D:intelligent  
答案: adept

53、 **___**  puts individuals at risk for many of the leading causes of death,
including heart disease, stroke, some types of cancer etc.

A:Obesity  
B:Ignorance  
C:Illiteracy  
D:Disability  
答案: Obesity

54、 Mr. Smith always wears sunglasses because his eyes are  ** ___**  to
light.

A:sentimental  
B:satisfactory  
C:sensitive  
D:severe  
答案: sensitive

55、 The seafood industry has  ** ___**  from considerable losses due to the
coronavirus outbreak.

A:deviated  
B:regulated  
C:evaluated  
D:suffered  
答案: suffered

56、 The Covid-19 pandemic has  ** ___**  affected the global economy, health
security and international politics.

A:slightly  
B:moderately  
C:severely  
D:barely  
答案: severely

57、 The government’s inability to ______ the laws and regulations disappointed
the general public.

A:guarantee  
B:enforce  
C:justify  
D:suppress  
答案: enforce

58、 Scientists  ** ___**  against opening too quickly as Europe’s worst-hit
countries prepare to lift coronavirus restrictions further.

A:cautioned  
B:destructed  
C:complimented  
D:interpreted  
答案: cautioned

59、 A pair of videos shared on Facebook that day  ** ___**  the satellite
findings.

A:acquired  
B:accessed  
C:obliged  
D:confirmed  
答案: confirmed

60、 It is  ** ___**  that 3% of the population have food allergies, with milk,
egg and nuts being the most common food allergies in children.

A:regulated  
B:cultivated  
C:estimated  
D:fermented  
答案: estimated

61、 When a small business has an employee who is difficult to work with, it
can drain productivity and create a  ** ___**  work environment.

A:harmonious  
B:pleasant  
C:amiable  
D:hostile  
答案: hostile

62、 **___**  dogs should be approached carefully to minimize biting incidents.

A:Loyal  
B:Aggressive  
C:Tame  
D:Obedient  
答案: Aggressive

63、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

64、 Older people can quickly become  ** ___** _ and depressed by loneliness,
poor health, and chronic illness.

A:enthusiastic  
B:sympathetic  
C:dispirited  
D:terminal  
答案: dispirited

65、 The supervisor responsible for regular assessment will be transferred to
the accounting  ** ___**  in Los Angles.

A:division  
B:apartment  
C:environment  
D:strategy  
答案: division

66、 Developed countries usually have economic systems based on continuous,
self-sustaining economic growth and high  ** ___**  of living.

A:treasure  
B:injury  
C:standards  
D:protection  
答案: standards

67、 Mr. Johnson has been particularly good at handling issues concerning
employees and labor  ** ___**.

A:navigation  
B:disputes  
C:recipient  
D:necessity  
答案: disputes

68、 When I was trying to download the Netflix app, the following message
appeared on my cell phone: “This app is not  ** ___**  with your device.”

A:responsible  
B:arguable  
C:noticeable  
D:compatible  
答案: compatible

69、 Materials for the session will be ______ to those who are able to hear Ms.
Fox’s presentation.

A:attributed  
B:distributed  
C:contributed  
D:regulated  
答案: distributed

70、 Recently computer technology has been ______ in many science sectors to
improve product quality and management.

A:utilized  
B:determined  
C:competed  
D:assembled  
答案: utilized

71、 The company announced that their new CEO will  ** ___**  a new campaign
for single parents who suffer from poverty and social prejudice.

A:rise  
B:vibrate  
C:launch  
D:nourish  
答案: launch

72、 Currently there is no universal  ** ___**  on how international law can be
practically applied in the digital field.

A:objection  
B:controversy  
C:debate  
D:consensus  
答案: consensus

73、 Market  ** ___**  is a kind of market abuse where there is a deliberate
attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market.

A:circulation  
B:manipulation  
C:inflation  
D:compensation  
答案: manipulation

74、 According to experts, this decision will ______ result in more crimes and
more victims in our cities.

A:significantly  
B:critically  
C:fundamentally  
D:inevitably  
答案: inevitably

75、 Hacking is a  ** ___**  issue because this skill can be used for many
different purposes both lawful and unlawful; ethical and unethical.

A:controversial  
B:domestic  
C:marginal  
D:technical  
答案: controversial

76、 Child  ** ___**  can include constant criticism, verbal attack, bullying,
and more.

A:symptom  
B:treatment  
C:abuse  
D:novelty  
答案: abuse

77、 The Lion King might be the most beloved  ** ___**  film of the millennial
generation.

A:dramatic  
B:animated  
C:released  
D:obvious  
答案: animated

78、 There is nothing in the world so wonderful as to love and be loved; there
is nothing so ______ as love lost.

A:stumbling  
B:resembling  
C:overwhelming  
D:devastating  
答案: devastating

79、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

80、 Thousands of native Americans were  ** ___**  in the name of Civilization.

A:slaughtered  
B:terminated  
C:proceeded  
D:shivered  
答案: slaughtered

81、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

82、 Students who intend to use  ** ___**  aid to pay tuition and fees must
submit the application before the due date.

A:medical  
B:financial  
C:external  
D:previous  
答案: financial

83、 Zimbabwe’s acute water  ** ___**  is a result of a particularly bad
drought this year, a symptom of climate change.

A:abundance  
B:vacancy  
C:shortage  
D:capability  
答案: shortage

84、 Their highly skilled technicians are  ** ___**  at repairing a wide range
of computing devices

A:adept  
B:deliberate  
C:militant  
D:diverse  
答案: adept

85、 The people of Africa have  ** ___**  influenced global culture and
history—and continue to do so today.

A:accurately  
B:skeptically  
C:occasionally  
D:profoundly  
答案: profoundly

86、 The League of Nations was  ** ___**  to prevent war, but it failed to
avoid war.

A:performed  
B:established  
C:determined  
D:circulated  
答案: established

87、 Researchers analyze children’s drawings to gain  ** ___** into their
perceptions of the world.

A:demonstration  
B:compliments  
C:appraisal  
D:insights  
答案: insights

88、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

89、 He was determined to remove the  ** ___**  that is blocking the path
toward his goals.

A:commitment  
B:obstacle  
C:assurance  
D:sincerity  
答案: obstacle

90、 **___**  is experienced whenever the results you are expecting do not seem
to fit the effort and action you are applying.

A:Contemplation  
B:Meditation  
C:Perception  
D:Frustration  
答案: Frustration

91、 The applicant was told that the Admissions Committee will evaluate his
application and  ** ___**  their decision within a maximum of 15 days.

A:summarize  
B:calculate  
C:notify  
D:assemble  
答案: notify

92、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

93、 Digital technology is  ** ___**  by the inter connectivity of computing
devices, machines, systems and people.

A:characterized  
B:damaged  
C:elevated  
D:objected  
答案: characterized

94、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

95、 Police said the ** ___**  was found shot in the chest and died at the
scene.

A:necessity  
B:victim  
C:orientation  
D:parameter  
答案: victim

96、 The chef  ** ___**  the vegetable in hot water for 15 minutes before he
cooked it.

A:observed  
B:scrambled  
C:immersed  
D:operated  
答案: immersed

97、 Smallpox was an infectious disease but it was  ** ___**  worldwide 40
years ago through vaccination.

A:originated  
B:contradicted  
C:participated  
D:eradicated  
答案: eradicated

98、 The company provides its employees with  ** ___**  opportunities to
develop their competence.

A:organic  
B:pathetic  
C:diverse  
D:rigid  
答案: diverse

99、 The chemical composition of seawater bears little  ** ___**  to that of
river water.

A:consistency  
B:resemblance  
C:analogy  
D:discrepancy  
答案: resemblance

100、 The generator will shut off  ** ___**  if the temperature rises above a
specified point.

A:systematically  
B:typically  
C:incidentally  
D:automatically  
答案: automatically

101、 The present study  ** ___**  whether or not test takers’ performance is
affected by factors other than their English proficiency.

A:suggests  
B:investigates  
C:reveals  
D:generates  
答案: investigates

102、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

103、 The increasing popularity of online shopping is mainly  ** ___**  to its
lower price and convenience.

A:opposed  
B:subscribed  
C:attributed  
D:departed  
答案: attributed

104、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

105、 Heroin has been determined one of the most  ** ___**  drugs that a person
can use.

A:destructive  
B:supportive  
C:fundamental  
D:critical  
答案: destructive

106、 When they got there after the earthquake, they found that villagers had
been  ** ___** , bridges had been blown, and railways had been destroyed.

A:assessed  
B:persuaded  
C:instructed  
D:evacuated  
答案: evacuated

107、 The paper discusses how to detect irregular conditions and take  ** ___**
actions to minimize system disturbances.

A:hilarious  
B:prompt  
C:reluctant  
D:suggestive  
答案: prompt

108、 Some  ** ___**  are damaged by cooking at high temperatures.

A:receipts  
B:nutrients  
C:continents  
D:fruits  
答案: nutrients

109、 Regular junk food intake leads to  ** ___**  long-term health problems.

A:moderate  
B:scares  
C:barren  
D:diverse  
答案: diverse

110、 Inexperienced writers tend to ** ___**  to one sentence structure in
their writing.

A:cling  
B:boast  
C:arrest  
D:refer  
答案: cling

111、 He has a lot of energy and vitality but gets bored quickly when things
become  ** ___**.

A:abnormal  
B:attractive  
C:monotonous  
D:intriguing  
答案: monotonous

112、 He has the ability to flourish in the face of  ** ___** , which
encourages me to meet challenges bravely.

A:reputation  
B:compliment  
C:admiration  
D:adversity  
答案: adversity

113、 There are six essential nutrients that people need to consume through
dietary sources to  ** ___**  optimal health.

A:constrain  
B:maintain  
C:suffer  
D:resort  
答案: maintain

114、 A person’s body cannot produce everything that it needs to  ** ___**
properly.

A:accommodate  
B:blend  
C:revolve  
D:function  
答案: function

115、 The World Health Organization (WHO) notes that essential nutrients are
** ___**  in supporting a person’s good health, and growth.

A:superficial  
B:artificial  
C:crucial  
D:substantial  
答案: crucial

116、 Self-organization and management are  ** ___**  for the successful and
timely completion of tasks.

A:vital  
B:accidental  
C:influential  
D:digital  
答案: vital

117、 There is considerable  ** ___**  about which one of Canada’s many private
clothing companies made the first women’s down coat.

A:consensus  
B:dispute  
C:reservation  
D:agitation  
答案: dispute

118、 Yuju Opera, one of the five major opera genres in China, was listed as a
national  ** ___**  cultural heritage in 2006.

A:intangible  
B:comprehensible  
C:sensible  
D:negligible  
答案: intangible

119、 Most meditations begin by sitting in a quiet place, closing the eyes,
calming the mind, and  ** ___**  on the breath.

A:focusing  
B:depending  
C:reflecting  
D:commenting  
答案: focusing

120、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

121、 Heroism means doing the right thing  ** ___**  the consequences.

A:associated with  
B:except for  
C:regardless of  
D:in addition to  
答案: regardless of

122、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

123、 Most meditations begin by sitting in a quiet place, closing the eyes,
calming the mind, and  ** ___**  on the breath.

A:focusing  
B:depending  
C:reflecting  
D:commenting  
答案: focusing

124、 It ‘s wrong to  ** ___**  all that have happened simply to the war.

A:prescribe  
B:subscribe  
C:describe  
D:ascribe  
答案: ascribe

125、 To keep the learning environment free from  ** ___** , cell phones are
not permitted for use during instructional time.

A:concentration  
B:allocation  
C:participation  
D:distraction  
答案: distraction

126、 Governments become increasingly  ** ___**  to rely on other countries for
strategic goods, such as masks and medicine or computer chips.

A:charitable  
B:reluctant  
C:attentive  
D:striking  
答案: reluctant

127、 A student’s academic  ** ___**  is influenced by a host of factors,
including the learning environment both inside the classroom and at home.

A:qualification  
B:certificate  
C:performance  
D:discipline  
答案: performance

128、 Ivory Coast currently gets most of its power from fossil fuels, with
natural gas  ** ___**  70% of its energy.

A:generating  
B:consuming  
C:disposing  
D:accumulating  
答案: generating

129、 Heavy rain has  ** ___**  a series of mudslides, derailing a train and
injuring 16 passengers.

A:ranked  
B:disrupted  
C:manipulated  
D:triggered  
答案: triggered

130、 According to a 2015 research study, nearly 70 percent of divorces are  **
___**  by women.

A:regulated  
B:contradicted  
C:initiated  
D:twisted  
答案: initiated

131、 While working from home might help reduce chances of COVID-19  ** ___**
, it creates plenty of new challenges.

A:symptom  
B:exposure  
C:treatment  
D:prevention  
答案: exposure

132、 Caffeine may be able to help you stay  ** ___**  and pay attention to a
task, but it does not help to prevent errors.

A:conscious  
B:obvious  
C:sturdy  
D:awake  
答案: awake

133、 **___**  sleep is especially important for individuals who often have to
work long hours, such as doctors.

A:Critical  
B:Adequate  
C:Sustainable  
D:Intensive  
答案: Adequate

134、 Mental  ** ___**  are psychological problems that are often caused by
poor nutrition.

A:functions  
B:benefits  
C:disorders  
D:satisfactions  
答案: disorders

135、 The doctor said “Coffee or energy drinks can never  ** ___**  what
happens during good sleep. Good sleep offers so much more.”

A:prepare  
B:replace  
C:settle  
D:continue  
答案: replace

136、 Mary started to lose her hair when she was 27 and under  ** ___**
pressure from work and her parents.

A:evident  
B:marginal  
C:slight  
D:immense  
答案: immense

137、 Staying up late, unhealthy habits and anxiety all  ** ___**  early hair
loss.

A:accelerate  
B:degenerate  
C:terminate  
D:eradicate  
答案: accelerate

138、 We lead  ** ___**  stressful lives these days, and stress is one of those
things we really need to manage before it causes damage to our bodies and
minds.

A:gradually  
B:slightly  
C:eventually  
D:increasingly  
答案: increasingly

139、 A disease is usually a wakeup call for us to change our ways and  **
___**  balance to life before things get worse.

A:disturb  
B:upset  
C:restore  
D:sustain  
答案: restore

140、 At CNT Company, we  ** ___**  to provide safe and reliable energy to our
customers.

A:hesitate  
B:endeavor  
C:incline  
D:struggle  
答案: endeavor

141、 According to new data from the federal government, the birth rate  **
___**  by four percent last year. It is the sixth year in a row where the
birth rate has decreased.

A:raised  
B:boosted  
C:declined  
D:elevated  
答案: declined

142、 It is time to remove the  ** ___**  and negative connotations about
mental health and start having open and honest conversations.

A:stigma  
B:barrier  
C:anxiety  
D:elegance  
答案: stigma

143、 The group that gathered to discuss the issue reached  ** ___**
conclusions because they had insufficient and flawed information.

A:sensible  
B:ridiculous  
C:rational  
D:intelligent  
答案: ridiculous

144、 Many Asian people are  ** ___**  and shy by nature.

A:liberal  
B:reserved  
C:expressive  
D:sentimental  
答案: reserved

145、 Trump has repeatedly been criticized for his  ** ___**  about women.

A:interpretation  
B:subsidy  
C:observation  
D:remarks  
答案: remarks

146、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

147、 The messy room was  ** ___**  to look at, so he cleaned it before his
friends’ visit.

A:pleasant  
B:attractive  
C:unsightly  
D:elegant  
答案: unsightly

148、 Knowing what  ** ___**  anxiety generally makes it easier to find helpful
ways to cope.

A:accommodates  
B:triggers  
C:liberates  
D:imitates  
答案: triggers

149、 It is widely accepted that doctors frequently  ** ___**  unnecessary
medicines or expensive ones when a cheaper one would do just as well.

A:transcribe  
B:subscribe  
C:ascribe  
D:prescribe  
答案: prescribe

150、 Properly inflated tires increases gas mileage and  ** ___**  safer
driving in winter conditions.

A:excludes  
B:negates  
C:congests  
D:promotes  
答案: promotes

151、 After noticing fewer nearsighted patients in a hospital, researchers  **
___**  that wearing glasses might offer some protection against Covid-19.

A:speculated  
B:convinced  
C:persuaded  
D:disputed  
答案: speculated

152、 Many public schools, faced with  ** ___**  budgets, are cutting counselor
positions or eliminating them altogether.

A:expanding  
B:circulating  
C:shrinking  
D:propelling  
答案: shrinking

153、 Storage, obviously, is critical for Big Data because of the  ** ___**
volume of information needed .

A:finite  
B:restricted  
C:massive  
D:definite  
答案: massive

154、 Advancements in technology have improved virtually every  ** ___**  of
our lives, and the best is yet to come.

A:trace  
B:perspective  
C:aspect  
D:occasion  
答案: aspect

155、 Where education shifts from class to online, students with uneven  **
___**  to technology, learning resources, internet connectivity will be
disproportionately affected.

A:faith  
B:commitment  
C:engagement  
D:access  
答案: access

156、 Researchers argue that “the industries of the twenty-first century will
depend increasingly on the generation of knowledge through creativity and  **
___**.

A:degradation  
B:innovation  
C:preparation  
D:aggravation  
答案: innovation

157、 The experience gained on this project can be of  ** ___**  to others who
endeavor to take a similar approach.

A:prevalence  
B:hindrance  
C:resistance  
D:assistance  
答案: assistance

158、 Advancements in technology have improved virtually every  ** ___**  of
our lives, and the best is yet to come.

A:trace  
B:perspective  
C:aspect  
D:occasion  
答案: aspect

159、 In 2020, the switch to remote work had  ** ___**  impacts on companies’
abilities to connect with their employees virtually.

A:profound  
B:restricted  
C:adverse  
D:negligible  
答案: profound

160、 With a loss of the critical employees, it can be  ** ___**  that the
Company’s output, efficiency, motivation, and productivity will decrease.

A:criticized  
B:determined  
C:inferred  
D:suspended  
答案: inferred

161、 His paper only provides a  ** ___**  analysis of how the violence in
video games affects young people and is not informative at all.

A:absorbing  
B:comprehensive  
C:systematic  
D:superficial  
答案: superficial

162、 The new teaching model can motivate learners, increase their learning
interest and  ** ___**  their learning efficiency.

A:impede  
B:enhance  
C:detract  
D:restrict  
答案: enhance

163、 Flooding displaced thousands of people and caused extensive damage to  **
___**  and crops in Zambia.

A:objectiviey  
B:property  
C:ragularity  
D:sustainability  
答案: property

164、 While most police officers fulfill their duty diligently, there are some
who  ** ___**  the power they have to satisfy selfish personal desires.

A:equate  
B:quit  
C:pursue  
D:abuse  
答案: abuse

165、  Witness testimony is the verbal account of events or knowledge of the
facts  ** ___**  to the crime.

A:indifferent  
B:consistent  
C:relevant  
D:evident  
答案: relevant

166、 State and hospital funding continues to  ** ___**  and the budget of that
hospital is roughly 50 percent of what it was when Jerry was a doctor there.

A:shrink  
B:enlarge  
C:precede  
D:inflame  
答案: shrink

167、 Managing emotions intelligently means making wise choices that  ** ___**
the grip of stress, not just mask it.

A:prolong  
B:resume  
C:release  
D:adjust  
答案: release

168、 The stress of  ** ___**  events like being the victim of an attack can
lead to deep and long-lasting stress and health issues.

A:festive  
B:hilarious  
C:entertaining  
D:traumatic  
答案: traumatic

169、 Mobile phones are becoming an increasingly  ** ___**  way to make all
sorts of payments.

A:irrelevant  
B:prevalent  
C:inappropriate  
D:consideration  
答案: prevalent

170、 State and hospital funding continues to  ** ___**  and the budget of that
hospital is roughly 50 percent of what it was when Jerry was a doctor there.

A:shrink  
B:enlarge  
C:precede  
D:inflame  
答案: shrink

171、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

172、 Effective leaders  ** ___**  their words to their actions.

A:differ  
B:confirm  
C:align  
D:restrict  
答案: align

173、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

174、 Social media is vastly popular and highly interactive, making it easy to
** ___**  directly to those interested in what you do.

A:attribute  
B:refer  
C:transfer  
D:connect  
答案: connect

175、 About 97 percent of Earth’s water is saltwater. Fresh water only makes up
a very small  ** ___**  of the earth water.

A:element  
B:dimension  
C:fraction  
D:aspect  
答案: fraction

176、 The increasing need for screening a large number of patients for COVID-19
has caused an  ** ___**  demand for the diagnostic kits.

A:superb  
B:massive  
C:ridiculous  
D:fantastic  
答案: massive

177、 In Individualistic societies, people define themselves in terms of ‘I’
and their unique  ** ___**.

A:factors  
B:dimensions  
C:attributes  
D:benefits  
答案: attributes

178、 If you say one thing and do another you’re bound to lose  ** ___**.

A:credibility  
B:inspiration  
C:grace  
D:elegance  
答案: credibility

179、 Information overload occurs when the amount of input to a system  **
___**  its processing capacity.

A:exceeds  
B:detracts  
C:adjusts  
D:segregates  
答案: exceeds

180、 The UN has evolved over the years to keep  ** ___**  with a rapidly
changing world.

A:record  
B:line  
C:stage  
D:pace  
答案: pace

181、 Language is still the primary thing that we use to communicate and it is
what makes us  ** ___**  different from other animals.

A:eventually  
B:consistently  
C:inevitably  
D:fundamentally  
答案: fundamentally

182、 We all know that human beings are  ** ___**  to error, so can perfection
be achieved?

A:favorable  
B:prone  
C:indifferent  
D:sympathetic  
答案: prone

183、 Although the twin sisters’ paths are  ** ___** , each has their own
journey with a set of challenges they need to overcome.

A:resembled  
B:converted  
C:entwined  
D:separated  
答案: entwined

184、 It is very important to  ** ___**  the evidence before making a
judgement.

A:validate  
B:ameliorate  
C:evacuate  
D:modify  
答案: validate

185、 If you track the progress of your project, you can make the necessary  **
___**  to your plan and your schedule.

A:commitments  
B:Installments  
C:fragments  
D:adjustments  
答案: adjustments

186、 The two nations agreed to  ** ___**  their efforts to fight organized
crime and drug trafficking.

A:modify  
B:coordinate  
C:detract  
D:Implement  
答案: coordinate

187、 **___**  exercise and regular meal will help maintain your health.

A:Moderate  
B:Excessive  
C:Discreet  
D:Relevant  
答案: Moderate

188、 The marketing proposal needs to be  ** ___**  before being submitted to
the manager.

A:propelled  
B:identified  
C:adapted  
D:revised  
答案: revised

189、 The film helped increase awareness on climate change, and encouraged
people to consider how their actions could help  ** ___**  such an
environmental crisis.

A:circulate  
B:elevate  
C:avert  
D:restore  
答案: avert

190、 According to the latest study, fewer operations meant better results and
reduced the likelihood of  ** ___**  in this case.

A:complications  
B:investigations  
C:dedications  
D:multiplications  
答案: complications

191、 Extreme weather events are often from a combination of unusual,   **
___** , short-term and natural weather patterns heightened by long-term,
human-caused climate change.

A:objective  
B:plump  
C:random  
D:crucial  
答案: random

192、 This study provides the first  ** ___**  evidence across multiple
hospitals that transplant recipients are less protected by the vaccine.

A:decent  
B:eligible  
C:incentive  
D:clinical  
答案: clinical

193、 To reduce the green house effect, countries all over the world need to
pursue  ** ___**  emissions cuts over the next decade.

A:inclusive  
B:liberal  
C:substantial  
D:sturdy  
答案: substantial

194、 Many people who can’t smell will lose their appetites, putting them at
risk of nutritional  ** ___**  and unintended weight loss.

A:subsidies  
B:deficits  
C:varieties  
D:averages  
答案: deficits

195、 When the firm went public in April, it was ** ___**  by some investment
firms over its bad record on workers’ rights.

A:found  
B:shunned  
C:attracted  
D:interacted  
答案: shunned

196、 I also really like the portrait  ** ___**  on the phone, which is wider
than the telephoto options most other smartphone cameras use.

A:model  
B:glass  
C:lens  
D:screen  
答案: lens



* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc2/108290.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc2/108290.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

