### content

* * *

## 第八篇 宏观经济学概论 单元测验1：第八篇（宏观经济学概论）

1、 Macroeconomists study

答案: economy-wide phenomena.  

2、 Which of the following is not a question that macroeconomists address?

答案: Why does the price of oil rise when war erupts in the Middle East?

3、 Which of the following statistic is usually regarded as the best single
measure of a society’s economic well-being?

答案: gross domestic product

4、 Gross domestic product measures two things at once: (  )

答案: the total income of everyone in the economy and the total expenditure on
the economy’s output of goods and services.

5、 Which of the following items is included in U.S. GDP?

答案: All the answers are correct.

6、 Tyler and Camille both live in Oklahoma.  A new-car dealer in Oklahoma
bought a new car from the manufacturer for $18,000 and sold it to Tyler for
$22,000.  Later that year, Tyler sold the car to Camille for $17,000.  By how
much did these transactions contribute to U.S. GDP for the year? (  )

答案: $22,000

7、 Which of the following examples of household spending is categorized as
investment rather than consumption?

答案: expenditures on new housing.

8、 Suppose an economy produces only cheese and fish.  In 2008, 20 units of
cheese are sold at $5 each and 8 units of fish are sold at $50 each.  In 2007,
the base year, the price of cheese was $10 per unit and the price of fish was
$75 per unit.  For 2008, (  )

答案: nominal GDP is $500, real GDP is $800, and the GDP deflator is 62.5.

9、 In the economy of Wrexington in 2008, real GDP was $25 billion and the GDP
deflator was 68.  What was Wrexington’s nominal GDP in 2008?

答案: $17 billion

10、 Government purchases include spending on goods and services by

答案: federal, state, and local governments.

11、 When markets fail, which of the following is true?

答案: Government intervention can potentially improve outcomes.

12、 Which of the following is included in U.S. GDP?

答案: The value of production by a Singaporean working in the U.S.

13、 George lived in a home that was newly constructed in 2005 for which he
paid $200,000.  In 2008 he sold the house for $225,000.  Which of the
following statements is correct regarding the sale of the house?

答案: The 2008 sale affected neither 2008 GDP nor 2005 GDP.

14、 Which of the following domestically produced items is not included in GDP?

答案: All the items are included in GDP.

15、 Tim mows the yard for his neighbors. He spends $1 on gas and charges them
$20 for each lawn he mows.  What’s the total contribution to GDP each time Tim
mows a yard?

答案: $20

16、 Gasoline is considered a final good if it is sold by a

答案: gasoline station to a motorist in Los Angeles.

17、 Macroeconomics is the study of the economy as a whole.

答案: 正确

18、 Macroeconomic statistics tell us about a particular household, firm, or
market.

答案: 错误

19、 The goal of macroeconomics is to explain the economic changes that affect
many households, firms, and markets simultaneously.

答案: 正确

20、 The basic tools of supply and demand are as central to macroeconomic
analysis as they are to microeconomic analysis.

答案: 正确

21、 GDP can measure either the total income of everyone in the economy or the
total expenditure on the economy’s output of goods and services, but GDP
cannot measure both at the same time.

答案: 错误

22、 GDP is the market value of all final goods and services produced by a
country’s citizens in a given period of time.

答案: 错误

23、 GDP includes only the value of final goods because the value of
intermediate goods is already included in the prices of the final goods.

答案: 正确

24、 The government purchases component of GDP includes salaries paid to
soldiers but not Social Security benefits paid to the elderly.

答案: 正确

25、 If the value of an economy’s imports exceeds the value of that economy’s
exports, then net exports is a negative number.

答案: 正确

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/69842.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

