### content

## Chapter 1 Introduction to Accounting Chapter 1 Quiz

1、 External users of accounting information include all of the following
except:

答案: Marketing managers.

2、 The group that sets preferred accounting practices in the global economy is
called the:

答案: IASB.

3、 The accounting principle that requires accounting numbers to be based on
actual costs is the:

答案: Measurement (Cost) principle.

4、 The assumption that states any business needs to be accounted for
separately from other business entities, including its owner or owners is:

答案: Business entity assumption.

5、 If a company is considering the purchase of an equipment that was acquired
by the seller for $15,000, is offered for sale at $50,000, is considered by
the purchaser as easily being worth $25,000, and is purchased for $23,000, the
land should be recorded in the purchaser’s books at:

答案: $23,000.

6、 Accounting aims to produce relevant, reliable, and comparable information
about an organization’s business activities.

答案: 正确

7、 External users of accounting information usually have more information
about the organization than internal users.

答案: 错误

8、 The business entity assumption means that a business is accounted for
separately from other business entities.

答案: 正确

9、 Revenues should be recognized when cash is received.

答案: 错误

10、 The expense recognition principle means that a company recognize the
expense in the period in which the related revenues are generated.

答案: 正确

## Chapter 2 Bookkeeping Chapter 2 Quiz

1、 The accounting process begins with:

答案: Analyzing business transactions and source documents.  

2、 Which of the following is used to record the owner’s investments in a
business

答案: Capital account.

3、 Which of the following is NOT an asset account:

答案: Services Revenue

4、 Which of the following is NOT a liability account:

答案: Utility Expenses

5、 Which of the following is correct about a credit

答案: Is the right-hand side of a T-account.

6、 Owner withdrawals by the owner are expenses.

答案: 错误

7、 The purchase of land and machines will generally be recorded in the same
ledger account.

答案: 错误

8、 Revenues increase equity.

答案: 正确

9、 Owner investments decrease equity.

答案: 错误

10、 A debit entry always decreases an account.

答案: 错误

## Chapter 3 Accrual Basis Accounting Chapter 3 Quiz

1、 The accounting principle that requires revenue to be recorded when earned
is the:

答案: Revenue recognition principle.

2、 Adjusting entries:

答案: Affect both income statement and statement of financial position accounts.

3、 The system of preparing financial statements based on recognizing revenues
when the cash is received and recognizing expenses when the cash is paid is
called:

答案: Cash basis accounting.

4、 Adjusting entries could be prepared for each of the following except:

答案: Owner withdrawals.

5、 Unearned revenue is reported as:

答案: A liability on the statement of financial position.

6、 Adjusting entries lead to a better matching of revenues and expenses for
the period.

答案: 正确

7、 Adjusting entries are made after the preparation of financial statements.

答案: 错误

8、 Two main accounting principles used in accrual accounting are matching
principle and fulldisclosure principle.

答案: 错误

9、 The matching principle requires that expenses get recorded in the same
accounting period as the revenues that are earned as a result of the expenses,
not when cash is paid.

答案: 正确

10、 Adjusting entries are made primarily to correct accounting errors .

答案: 错误

## Chapter 4 Financial Statements Chapter 4 Quiz

1、 Which of the following statements about temporary account is not correct:

答案: Revenue and owner’s capital account are examples of temporary accounts.

2、 Sophia Sun, the owner of a proprietary company Sophia Laundry Service,
withdrew $12,000 from the business during the current year. The closing entry
for the withdrawals account at the end of the year is:

答案: Debit Sophia Sun, Capital $12,000; credit Sophia Sun, Withdrawals $12,000.

3、 The following information is available for the Danhuang Pet Service. After
the closing process, what will be the balance in the Lancy Awn, Capital
accountTotal revenues…………………… $200,000Total expenses……………………80,000Lancy Awn,
Capital………………100,000Lancy Awn, Withdrawals………10,000

答案: 210,000

4、 Which of the following is the purpose of using income summary account:

答案: To close the revenue and expense accounts.

5、 Which of the following indicates that an error must occurred in the
preparation and/or posting of closing entries

答案: The owner’s capital account is debited for the amount of net profit for
the period.

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/335255.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

