### content

## 第1章 魅力华夏：今日中国 A Charming China： an Introduction to Modern-day China 第一章单元测验

1、 In the east part of China, along the Yellow Sea and the East Sea, there are
** ___** __.

答案: extensive plains

2、 **___** ** _  is China’s mother river and _** ** ___**  is the longest
river in China.

答案: The Yellow River; The Yangtze River

3、 The world’s highest point, Mount Everest, lies on the  ** ___** _ border.

答案: Sino-Nepalese

4、 If you want to see the ice snow sculptures in the winter of China, you can
go to  ** ___**.

答案: Harbin

5、 The Great Wall was listed by UNESCO as a  ** ___** _____in 1987.

答案: World Cultural Heritage

6、 **___** ___ is called Oriental Venice with many waterways in the city.

答案: Suzhou

7、 In 2020, the largest single-structure airport terminal in the world is  **
___** ___.

答案: Beijing Daxing International Airport

8、 In 1971, China recovered its legitimate seat in the  ** ___** __ against
all obstacles.

答案: the United Nations

9、 Which province is going to hold the 2022 Winter Olympics in cooperation
with Beijing?

答案: Hebei

10、 Archaeological Ruins of Liangzhu City was discovered in the city of  **
___** ___

答案: Hangzhou

11、 **___** _ has been a famous foodie destination and it is UNESCO’s first-
ever City of Gastronomy in Asia

答案: Chengdu

12、 Which of the following cities is not one of three top megacities in China

答案: Tianjin

13、 In 2013, China has proposed a global community of shared future and  **
___** _____ Initiative.

答案:  One Belt and Road

14、 In terms of economy, China is the world’s  ** ___**  largest economy in
2020.

答案:  second  

15、 In 2020, a Chinese vlogger  ** ___**  has more than 100 million followers
in Youtube, the largest video platform in the world.

答案: Li Ziqi

16、 In 2001, China joined  ** ___** ____ and began to participate more
extensively in international economic and trade exchanges.

答案:  the World Trade Organization

17、 “山川异域, 风月同天” first appeared on the packages from  ** ___** _ to aid
China’s fight against COVID-19.

答案: Japan

18、 There are a lot of grasslands on the Inner Mongolian plateau in the north
of China.

答案: 正确

19、 The Yangtze River is also called China’s mother river.

答案: 错误

20、 Yellow Mountain is the top one of the five Great Mountains in China.

答案: 错误

21、 The city of Sanya is the capital of Hainan Province.

答案: 错误

22、 The Forbidden city was included in the World Cultural Heritage.

答案: 正确

23、 The transfer of the sovereignty of Hong Kong to China marked the end of
European colonialism in Asia

答案: 错误

24、 The proposal of Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence marked the
maturity of China’s foreign policy.

答案: 正确

25、 People describe Chengdu as a “three-dimensional” magical city because of
its complicated city landscapes.

答案: 错误

26、 Shangri-La is called China’s Hawaii because of its wonderful beaches.

答案: 错误

27、 China is the only middle-income country ranked in the top 20 of the Global
Innovation Index (GII).

答案: 正确

28、 Archaeological Ruins of Liangzhu City was discovered in the city of  **
___** ___.

答案: Hangzhou

29、 **___** _ has been a famous foodie destination and it is UNESCO’s first-
ever City of Gastronomy in Asia.

答案: Chengdu

30、 Which of the following cities is not one of three top megacities in China?

答案: Tianjin

## 第2章 诗礼传世：神奇的汉语故事 A Cultural Inheritance： Mysteries of the Chinese Language
第二章单元测试

1、  Chinese belongs to the  ** ___** ___ language family.

答案: Sino-Tibetan  

2、 Chinese is the only ** ___** ___ language still in use today.

答案: pictographic

3、 The character of 月 is a  ** ___** ___ character.

答案:  pictographic

4、 Chinese Pinyin makes it possible to type Chinese  ** ___** ___ into
characters.

答案: syllables

5、  Indicative characters portray the  ** ___** ___ in the nature.

答案: matters  

6、 2019 is the  ** ___** ___ anniversary of the discovery of Oracle scripts in
China.

答案: 120th

7、 The first missionary school in China was established in  ** ___** ___ in
1830s.

答案: Macao

8、 The character of 仙 is a  ** ___** ____ character.

答案: picto-phonetic

9、 The English word of “Radar” is from English and “Champagne” is from  **
___** ____.

答案: French

10、   ** ___** _ was the first foreign language taught in China since the
founding of the People’s republic of China.

答案: Russian

11、 Mandarin Chinese is the only spoken and written form of Chinese used in
China.

答案: 错误

12、 The character of 众 is a pictographic character.

答案: 错误  
分析：“众” is an associate compound（会意字）.

13、 Pictographic characters portray the shape of things in nature.

答案: 正确

14、 The meaning of four-character Chinese characters is the adding up of the
meanings of components.

答案: 错误

15、  There are no articles in Mandarin Chinese.

答案: 正确

16、 No matter how many strokes the Chinese characters have, they occupy the
same printing space.

答案: 正确

17、  There are more units of words in Chinese than in English.

答案: 错误

18、 Dialects in the south of China are more diversified than those in the
north of China.

答案: 正确

19、 The character of 种 is a picto-phonetic Chinese character.

答案: 正确

20、 The character of 上 and 下 are pictographic characters.

答案: 错误

21、 The Chinese character 众 is a pictographic character.

答案: 错误

## 第3章 生命年轮：中国人的人生仪式 Rings of Our Life Tree： Important Life Ceremonies of
Chinese People 第三章单元测试

1、 What’s the meaning of “Xisan”?

答案: Bathe the baby three days after the baby is born.

2、 When do the baby wear the special clothes which is called Baijia Yi?  

答案: When the baby is 100 days old.

3、 In the capping ceremony,  ** ___** _ caps should be placed on the man’s
head one by one.

答案: three

4、 In modern China, the legal age for marriage is  ** ___** _ years old for
men, for women.

答案: 22, 20

5、 In ancient China, the birthday ceremony was held in people’s own houses, so
they need to do some decorations.  Bamboo shoots are put on the table, which
represents  ** ___** __.

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/337907.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

