### content

## Unit One Language and language learning Unit 1单元检测

1、 According to the functional view, each language has a finite number of
structural items. To Learn a language means to learn these structural items so
as to be able to understand and produce language.

答案: 错误  

2、 The functional view not only regards language as a linguistic system but
also a means for doing things. In order to perform functions, learners need to
know how to combine the grammatical rules and the vocabulary to express
notions that perform the functions.

答案: 正确

3、 According to the interactional view of language, in order to know how to do
what you want to do involves knowing whether it is appropriate to do, and
where, when and how it is appropriate to do it, you have to study the patterns
and rules of language on the vocabulary level to learn how language is used in
different speech contexts.

答案: 错误

4、 Process-oriented theories are concerned with how the mind organizes new
information.

答案: 正确

5、 Condition-oriented theories believes that the nature of the human and
physical context in which language learning takes place.

答案: 正确

6、 According to the behaviourist theory, language is learned by constant
repetition and the reinforcement of the teacher.

答案: 正确

7、 The constructivist theory sees learning a process in which the learner
constructs meaning based on his or her own experiences and what he/she already
knows.

答案: 正确

8、 Whether someone can become a good foreign language teacher only depend on
his /her command of the languages.

答案: 错误

9、 The most important and most difficult part of the making of a good language
teacher is the development of professional competence.

答案: 正确

10、 Teachers benefits from practice even if they do not keep on reflecting on
what they have been doing.

答案: 错误

## Unit Two Communicative Language Teaching Unit 2 单元测验

1、 B: Think about the situations where we are likely to hear the question:
“Why don’t you close the door?”  Choose one right answer from the given
ones.Situation 1: One of the speaker’s friends always leaves the door open
when he comes into the room. The speaker wants to know the reason so he says
this to his friend.

答案: a real question

2、 Situation 2: A student just came into the classroom and left the door open.
The teachers says this to the student.（答题情境同第13题）

答案: a command

3、 Situation 3: The husband always leaves the bathroom door open after he uses
it. The wife is saying this to her husband.（答题情境同第13题）

答案: a complaint

4、 Situation 4: The wife went out of the house and left the door open. The
husband says this to the student.（答题情境同第13题）

答案:  a suggestion

5、 答案: 正确

6、 Do student A and B have communicative desires in Activity One?（答题情境同第1题）

答案: 正确

7、 Does Activity One focus on content, not from?（答题情境同第1题）

答案: 正确

8、 Do Student A and B use various forms of language to communicate with each
other?（答题情境同第1题）

答案: 正确

9、 Is there no teacher intervention in Activity One?（答题情境同第1题）

答案: 正确

10、 Is there no material control in Activity One?（答题情境同第1题）

答案: 正确

11、 Activity Two: Writing Practice     A head-teacher is speaking to a teacher
in her school. “Next week we’re going to clean the school as follows:
Classroom Building 1 on Monday. Building 2 on Tuesday. The computer room and
sound lab on Wednesday. The science labs on the Thursday. The library and the
Teachers’ Rooms on Friday. Please write a notice for the students and put it
up. Thank you.”    Work with your partner and write a large notice. Start like
this:    Classroom Building 1 will be…Does Activity Two has a communicative
purpose?

答案: 错误

12、 Do the students have communicative desires in Activity Two?（答题情境同第7题）

答案: 正确

13、 Does Activity Two focus on content, not from?（答题情境同第7题）

答案: 正确

14、 Do the students use various forms of language to communicate with each
other?（答题情境同第7题）

答案: 正确

15、 Is there no teacher intervention in Activity Two?（答题情境同第7题）

答案: 正确

16、 Is there no material control in Activity Two?（答题情境同第7题）

答案: 错误

17、 It is an interview activity about the topic of students’ English learning
experience between Student A and student B. Student A uses the questionnaire
to interview Student B and takes notes on the lines. Student B answers them
according to his or her own situation. The activity one has a communicative
purpose.

答案: 正确

18、 It is an interview activity about the topic of students’ English learning
experience between Student A and student B. Student A uses the questionnaire
to interview Student B and takes notes on the lines. Student B answers them
according to his or her own situation. The students in the activity one have a
communicative desire.

答案: 正确

19、 It is an interview activity about the topic of students’ English learning
experience between Student A and student B. Student A uses the questionnaire
to interview Student B and takes notes on the lines. Student B answers them
according to his or her own situation. The activity one is focused on content,
not form.

答案: 正确

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc/39110.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

