### content

## Chapter 1 Introduction to Genetics Chapter 1 测验

1、 The first complete DNA sequence of a non-viral, free-living organism was
obtained for:

答案: a bacterium in 1995.  

2、 Genetic information can be carried in which of the following biomolecules?

答案: Either DNA or RNA

3、 Which of the following species is considered a genetic model organism?

答案: the worm, Caenorhabditis elegans

4、 Which of the following would serve least well as a model for understanding
basic mechanisms of inheritance?

答案: humans

5、 Which of the following scientists contributed significantly to the
foundations of transmission genetics?

答案: Thomas Hunt Morgan

6、 The contribution Charles Darwin made to genetics was to:

答案: propose that evolution occurs by natural selection.

7、 The contribution of Gilbert and Sanger to modern genetics was to:

答案: develop a method for sequencing DNA.

8、 Humans first applied genetics to the domestication of plants and animals
between approximately 10,000 and 12,000 years ago.

答案: 正确

9、  The theory of pangenesis states that all living organisms are composed of
cells.

答案: 错误

10、 Many human traits, such as skin and hair color, exhibit blending
inheritance, in which genetic information is mixed and is not separated in
future generations.  

答案: 错误

11、 Bacteria and viruses can be used to study genes and inheritance, even
though they are structurally and metabolically different from animal and plant
cells.

答案: 正确

12、 Some viruses have RNA as their genetic information.

答案: 正确

13、 Charles Darwin accurately described the laws of inheritance in his
landmark book, On the Origin of Species.

答案: 正确

14、 Some phenotypes or traits, such as hair color, are determined by the
information provided by more than a single gene.

答案: 正确

15、 Evolution cannot occur without genetic changes in populations.

答案: 正确

## Chapter 2 Chromosomes and Cellular Reproduction Chapter 2 测验

1、 A dividing eukaryotic cell is treated with a drug that inhibits the
molecular motors associated with kinetochores.  At which cell cycle stage
would it stop?

答案: M (anaphase)

2、 In eukaryotes, chromosomes do not contain:

答案: ribosomes.

3、 In order to be functional, a eukaryotic chromosome requires all of the
following except:

答案: a nucleoid.

4、 What process is unique to plants?

答案: double fertilization

5、 Suppose that a diploid cell contains 8 chromosomes (2n = 8).  How many
different combinations in the gametes are possible?

答案: 16

6、 Which of the following statements is FALSE?

答案: Errors in chromosome separation are rarely a problem for an organism.

7、 Which of the following are NOT prokaryotes?

答案: viruses

8、 Which of the following statements is FALSE?

答案: Generally, chromosomes of eukaryotes are circular.

9、 The attachment point on the chromosome for spindle microtubules is the:

答案: centromere

10、 The process of splitting the cytoplasm, which separates one cell into two,
is termed:

答案: cytokinesis

11、 Diploid cells are cells with ______ chromosomes.

答案: two sets of

12、 If a healthy cell passes the G1/S checkpoint:

答案: DNA will be replicated.

13、 Errors in chromosome separation are rarely a problem for an organism.

答案: 错误

14、 The prokaryotes include both the eubacteria and the archaea.

答案: 正确

15、 Archaea are more closely related to eukaryotes than they are to
eubacteria.

答案: 正确

16、 Generally, chromosomes of eukaryotes are circular.

答案: 错误

17、 Cells with a single set of chromosomes are called diploid.

答案: 错误

## Chapter 3 Basic Principles of Heredity Chapter 3 测验

1、 Genes come in different versions called:

答案: alleles

2、 In Mendel’s peas, purple flower color is dominant to white.  From which of
the following descriptions can you not infer the genotype for the locus
completely?

答案: purple

3、 Which of the following was not one of Mendel’s conclusions based on his
monohybrid crosses?

答案: Genes are carried on chromosomes.

4、 In Mendel’s peas, yellow seeds are dominant to green.  A pure-breeding
yellow plant is crossed with a pure-breeding green plant.  All of the
offspring are yellow.  If one of these yellow offspring is crossed with a
green plant, what will be the expected proportion of plants with green seeds
in the next generation?

答案: 50%

5、 In a cross between pure-breeding tall plants with pure-breeding short
plants, all of the F1 are tall.  When these plants are allowed to fertilize
themselves, the F2 plants occur in a ratio of 3 tall:1 short.  Which of the
following is not a valid conclusion from these results?

答案: The tall and short traits assort independently of each other in this
cross.

6、 In poodles, black is dominant to white.  A black poodle is crossed with a
white poodle.  In a litter of four, all of the puppies are black.  What is the
best conclusion?

答案: The black poodle is probably homozygous

7、 Which of the following statements is TRUE?

答案: A testcross can be used to determine whether an individual is homozygous
or heterozygous for a dominant allele.

8、 Alleles, genes, and loci are different names for the same thing.

答案: 错误

9、 The probability of two or more independent events occurring together is
calculated by multiplying their independent probabilities.

答案: 正确

10、 The phenotype of a dominant allele is never seen in the F1 progeny of a
monohybrid cross.

答案: 错误

11、 A Mendelian dihybrid cross involves one gene and two different alleles.

答案: 错误

12、 The principle of independent assortment can be demonstrated using a
monohybrid cross.

答案: 错误

13、 Branched diagrams are used for determining probabilities of various
genotypes for genetic crosses involving more than one gene pair.

答案: 正确

14、 Mendel’s experiments involved both discrete and continuous genetic traits.

答案: 错误

15、 The genotype is the physical appearance of a trait.

答案: 错误

16、 A testcross can be used to determine whether an individual is homozygous
or heterozygous.

答案: 正确

17、 The probability of a woman giving birth to three girls in a row is 1/8.

答案: 正确

18、 The chi-square test is used to determine if observed outcomes are
consistent with expected outcomes.

答案: 正确

## Chapter 4 Sex Determination and Sex-linked Characteristics Chapter 4 测验

1、 What is the role of the SRY gene in humans?

答案: It is located on the Y chromosome and initiates the developmental pathway
toward the male phenotype.

2、 Which of the following chromosome constitutions would never lead to a
viable human baby being born?

答案: YY

3、 In which of the following organisms is gender/sex determined by the
temperature during embryonic development?

答案: many turtles and alligators

4、 In species of birds, males are the homogametic sex and females the
heterogametic sex. Which of the following statements is TRUE in this system of
sex determination?

答案: The gender of the offspring is determined by the female parent.

5、 The sex determination system used by Drosophila is called:

答案: the X:A sex determination system.

6、 In Drosophila, flies that are XXY but have a normal diploid set of
autosomes have been found. Such XXY chromosome constitutions have also been
found in humans. The sex of such individuals is expected to be:

答案: female in Drosophila but male in humans.

7、 Red–green color blindness is X-linked recessive. A woman with normal color
vision has a father who is color blind. The woman has a child with a man with
normal color vision. Which phenotype is NOT expected?

答案: a color-blind female;  
a color-blind female

8、 If a female Drosophila that is heterozygous for a recessive X-linked
mutation is crossed to a wild-type male, what proportion of female progeny
will have the mutant phenotype?

答案: 0%

9、 A Barr body is a(n):

答案:  inactivated X chromosome, visible in the nucleus of a cell that is from a
female mammal.

10、 In humans SRY is the male determining gene.

答案: 正确

11、 Female mammals that are heterozygous for an X-linked gene have patches of
cells that express one allele and patches of cells that express the other.

答案: 正确

12、 The cellular reason for X-inactivation is to reduce the amount of
nondisjunction during meiosis.

答案: 错误

13、 The condition XXXY is always lethal in humans.

答案: 错误

14、 The condition of having no X chromosomes, for example YO, is lethal in
humans.

答案: 正确

15、 Temperature during embryonic development determines sex in reptiles like
turtles and alligators.

答案: 正确

16、 In species in which females are the homogametic sex, gender of offspring
is determined by the male.

答案: 正确

17、 A female with androgen insensitivity may have XY sex chromosomes rather
than XX.

答案: 正确

18、 Species in which individuals have only male or only female reproductive
structures are called dioecious.

答案: 正确

19、 The X and Y chromosomes are named after their characteristic shape.

答案: 错误

## Chapter 5 Extensions and Modifications of Basic Principles Chapter 5 测验

1、 The R locus determines flower color in a new plant species. Plants that are
genotype RR have red flowers, and plants that are rr have white flowers.
However, Rr plants have pink flowers. What type of inheritance does this
demonstrate for flower color in these plants?

答案: incomplete dominance

2、 Interactions among the human ABO blood group alleles involve  ** ___  and
**___.

答案: codominance; complete dominance

3、 Polydactyly is the condition of having extra fingers or toes. Some
polydactylous persons possess extra fingers or toes that are fully functional,
whereas others possess only a small tag of extra skin. This is an example of:

答案: variable expressivity.

4、 Achondroplasia is a common cause of dwarfism in humans. All individuals
with achondroplasia are thought to be heterozygous at the locus that controls
this trait. When two individuals with achondroplasia mate, the offspring occur
in a ratio of 2 achondroplasia : 1 normal. What is the MOST likely explanation
for these observations?

答案: The allele that causes achondroplasia is a recessive lethal allele.

5、 In humans, blood types A and B are codominant to each other and each is
dominant to O. What blood types are possible among the offspring of a couple
of blood types AB and A?

答案: A, B, and AB only

6、 Hair color is determined in Labrador retrievers by alleles at the B and E
loci. A dominant allele B encodes black pigment, whereas a recessive allele b
encodes brown pigment. Alleles at a second locus affect the deposition of the
pigment in the shaft of the hair; dominant allele E allows dark pigment (black
or brown) to be deposited, whereas recessive allele e prevents the deposition
of dark pigment, causing the hair to be yellow. A black female Labrador
retriever was mated with a yellow male. Half of the puppies were black and
half were yellow. If the genotype of the black female parent was Bb Ee, then
what was the genotype of the other parent?

答案: BB ee

7、 Which organelle in an animal cell, in addition to the nucleus, contains
genes?

答案: mitochondrion

8、 Leber hereditary optic neuropathy (LHON) is a human disease that exhibits
cytoplasmic inheritance. It is characterized by rapid loss of vision in both
eyes, resulting from the death of cells in the optic nerve. A teenager loses
vision in both eyes and is later diagnosed with LHON. How did this individual
MOST likely inherit the mutant DNA responsible for this condition?

答案: a mitochondrial gene from the mother

9、 The bicoid mutation (bcd) in fruit flies is inherited as a maternal effect
recessive allele. What is the expected ratio of phenotypes in the offspring of
a cross between a heterozygous +/bcd female and a heterozygous +/bcd male?

答案: all normal

10、 The phenomenon in which a gene’s expression is determined by its parental
origin is called:

答案: genomic imprinting.

11、 What phenomenon describes a genetic trait that is expressed more strongly
or earlier in development with each generation?

答案: anticipation

12、 The himalayan allele in rabbits produces dark fur at the extremities of
the body—on the nose, ears, and feet. The dark pigment develops, however, only
when a rabbit is reared at a temperature of 25°C or lower; if a Himalayan
rabbit is reared at 30°C, no dark patches develop. What does this exemplify?

答案: temperature-sensitive allele

13、 Multifactorial traits are influenced by  ** ___  and **___.

答案: multiple genes; environment

14、 In order to determine if mutations from different organisms that exhibit
the same phenotype are allelic, which test would you perform?

答案: complementation test

15、       At a single genetic locus, a diploid individual may have more than
two different alleles.

答案: 错误

16、       Skin color in humans is an example of a discontinuous trait.

答案: 错误

17、       For a given species, sex-influenced traits are expressed in only one
sex and have zero penetrance in the other sex.

答案: 错误

18、        All human ABO blood group alleles are co-dominant.

答案: 错误

19、       Epistatic genes must be dominant.

答案: 错误

20、       Recessive alleles form no gene products, and thus are not expressed.

答案: 错误

21、  Genomic imprinting and genetic anticipation both involve the inhibition
of specific genes, or chromosomes, based on parental origin.  

答案: 错误

22、       A temperature-sensitive allele is an example of a phenocopy.

答案: 错误

23、        Epistasis involves interaction between alleles at a single genetic
locus.

答案: 错误

24、       Sex-influenced traits are, by definition, on the X or Y chromosome.

答案: 错误

25、       All the genetic material in a eukaryotic cell is found in the
nucleus.

答案: 错误

## Chapter 6 Linkage, Recombination, and Eukaryotic Gene Mapping Chapter 6 测验

1、 Crossing over occurs during:

答案: prophase

2、 FISH stands for

答案: fluorescent in situ hybridization

3、 Linked genes

答案: co-segregate

4、 Linked genes always exhibit

答案: recombination frequencies of less than 50%

5、 Recombination occurs through

答案: crossing over and independent assortment

6、 A genetic map shows which of the following?

答案: the linear order of genes on a chromosome

7、 A testcross includes

答案: one parent who shows the dominant phenotype for one or more genes and a
second parent who is homozygous recessive for these genes.

8、 Recombination frequencies can be calculated by

答案: counting the number of recombinant and parental offspring when an
individual who is heterozygous for two genes is involved in a testcross.

9、 Is it possible for two different genes located on the same chromosome to
assort independently?

答案: Yes, if the genes are far enough apart on the same chromosome, a crossover
will occur between them in just about every meiotic event.

10、 What major contribution did Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton make
to the study of recombination?

答案: Genetic recombination of alleles is associated with physical exchange
between chromosomes.

11、 Two linked genes, (A) and (B), are separated by 18 m.u. A man with
genotype Aa Bb marries a woman who is aa bb. The man’s father was AA BB. What
is the probability that their first child will be Aa bb?

答案: 0.09

12、 Assume that A and B are two linked genes on an autosome in Drosophila. A
testcross is made where AB/ab flies are crossed to ab/ab flies and the progeny
are counted and shown below. However, it is known that the Aa/bb genotype is
lethal before the flies hatch and does not appear among the testcross progeny
counted. What is the most precise map distance between the two genes that can
be calculated from these data?Aa Bb = 235aa bb = 225aa Bb = 20

答案: 8.0 m.u.

13、 If the recombination frequency between genes (A) and (B) is 5.3%, what is
the distance between the genes in map units on the linkage map?

答案: 5.3 m.u.

14、 Assume that you are able to examine a total of 100 separate meiotic events
in an animal species. You note that within 10 of these meiotic events, there
was a crossover event occurring between genes A and B. In the remaining 90
events there was no crossover event between these two genes. What would be the
expected map distance between genes A and B?

答案: 5 m.u.

15、 A low coefficient of coincidence indicates that:

答案: far fewer double-crossover recombinant progeny were recovered from a
testcross than would be expected from the map distances of the genes involved.

16、 The map distances for genes that are close to each other are more accurate
than map distances for genes that are quite far apart because:

答案: with genes that are far apart, double crossovers and other multiple-
crossover events often lead to nonrecombinant or parental offspring and thus
reduce the true map distance.

17、 Linkage disequilibrium is defined by which of the following?

答案: the nonrandom association between alleles in a haplotype

18、 Interference occurs when:

答案: one crossover inhibits another

19、 Linked genes always exhibit recombination frequencies of less than 50%.

答案: 正确

20、 A chromosome map shows the linear order of gene loci present on a
chromosome and the relative distances between them.

答案: 正确

21、 Recombination frequencies can be predicted by a chi-square test.  

答案: 错误

22、 The higher the coefficient of coincidence, the higher the degree of
crossover interference.

答案: 错误

23、 Mapping experiments become more accurate as the distance between genes
increases.

答案: 错误

24、 Interference occurs when one crossover inhibits another.  

答案: 正确

25、 Recombination can only occur through crossing over.

答案: 错误

* * *

**

* * *

**上方为免费预览版答案，如需购买完整答案，请点击下方红字**

[**点击这里,购买完整版答案**](http://mooc.mengmianren.com/mooc2/108936.html)

* * *

**点关注，不迷路，微信扫一扫下方二维码**

关注我们的公众号： **萌面人APP** 随时查看答案，网课轻松过

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/VM4ZQOIWJK72_9BGZ2F.png)

* * *

**为了方便下次阅读，建议在浏览器添加书签收藏本网页**

**电脑浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.按键盘的ctrl键+D键，收藏本页面

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/AF9T_JKKHAJN.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击浏览器右上角-【工具】或者【收藏夹】查看收藏的网页

**![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701485-a96f5bfed4652f3.png)**

* * *

**手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

**一、百度APP添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击底部五角星收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706701787-774c235c7276470.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击右上角【┇】-再点击【收藏中心】查看

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/7QWPW_RVJL5X4EEJIC9N2N.png)

**二、其他手机浏览器添加/查看书签方法**

1.点击【设置】-【添加书签】收藏本网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702805-c7ee14734ba8fe0.png)

2.下次如何查看收藏的网页？

点击【设置】-【书签/历史】查看收藏的网页

![](http://www.mengmianren.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/1706702863-2c6ea20f5b03b1d.png)

